---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mr. Banerjee — July 28, 1958",
    "h1":"Mr. Banerjee — July 28, 1958",
    "title":"Letter to: Mr. Banerjee — July 28, 1958",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mr. Banerjee ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mr. Banerjee
ListDate_hidden  : 1958-07-28
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-28
To_letters       : Mr. Banerjee
Date_letter      : July 28
Year_letter      : 1958
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Dear Mr. Banerjee,

Please accept my Namaskara. As advised by you the other day I went to see Mr. Mangumal at Kalvadevi but he did not entertain the idea of missionary work. I talked with him and found him perfect gentleman but he has spiritual realization of the lowest rank. According to Bhagavata a person who is attracted by the Arcana Marga without any knowledge of the science of Vaisnavism is called the __Kanistha__ adhikari Vaisnava. He has of course honoured me with Rs. 11/- and a glass of milk for which I have thanked him very much but mission is not fulfilled.

I beg to inform you that one gentleman has allowed me to sit down in his office for propaganda work in Bombay city and I am seeking your help in this matter. Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu's message of universal love and fellow feeling requires to be preached in an organized manner and we Bengalis the countrymen of Lord Caitanya have a responsibility for this transcendental task.

Some years ago Srila Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Goswami Maharaja my spiritual master attempted to preach this message throughout the world but unfortunately after His departure the movement was not carried by the entrusted successors. I am feeling for it and I have come to Bombay for organizing this movement.

Respectable gentlemen specially the Bengali community may come forward first so that others will automatically follow the suit. The modern set of human civilization is an anachronism and Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu's message only can adjust the things all over the world. It is not blind conviction but actually this a fact which can be judged if people will make an analysis of the mercy bestowed by Lord Caitanya. The whole world is looking for it and it will be a credit for the Indians generally and he Bengalis specially if they can give the message to the suffering humanity in the right direction as chalked out by the authorized Acaryas.

I wish to talk with you in detail and shall be glad to know if you can spare some convenient time for this. Also I shall be more glad to speak on the teachings of Lord Caitanya amongst your selected friends if such a meeting is organized at your or any other suitable place. Thanking you in anticipation and awaiting your reply.

Yours sincerely,
