---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mr. Genxo Abe — April 15, 1961",
    "h1":"Mr. Genxo Abe — April 15, 1961",
    "title":"Letter to: Mr. Genxo Abe — April 15, 1961",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mr. Genxo Abe ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mr. Genxo Abe
ListDate_hidden  : 1961-04-15
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-15
To_letters       : Mr. Genxo Abe
Date_letter      : April 15
Year_letter      : 1961
Place_letter     : Delhi
----

Mr. Genzo Abe\\
Mayor of Fukuoka City\\
Fukuoka City\\
Japan

Dear Sir,

I beg to inform you that I have very kindly been invited by the noble Japanese organizers of the International Congress for Cultivating Human Spirit, to be held in your different important cities. I am an Indian Vaisnava Sannyasi dedicated to the cause of spiritual upliftment of the human society. I have therefore taken up the cause of the ensuing congress in your country and wish to meet you conveniently when I am in Japan.

Present advancement of material civilization, in the opinion of the Indian sages, is going in the wrong way because it has neglected the spiritual side of human constitution. All living beings are spiritual sparks covered by material encagement. In his pure spiritual form a living being eternal, cognizant and blissful, but being covered by matter he is suffering threefold miseries of material existence.

The human form of life is the highest developed stage in the evolutionary process and thus a civilization based on spiritual culture is the right type of human civilization.

The human being must know what he is, where from he has come what is the position after death; why we are suffering threefold miseries of life; what is the ultimate goal of life; what is this cosmic universe; what is matter and what is spirit; which of them is superior etc. There are so many things to be learnt by the human being.

Unfortunately, the present human society by the advancement of scientific knowledge, has manufactured lethal weapons to kill and destroy. They have no discovery for living and building peaceful and progressive life. The world has no information for the great problems life.

I am very glad that some of your noble countrymen have taken notice of this defective civilization and have very timely invited this important congress with a future idea of forming an international body like the United Nations Organization not for conflict but for HARMONY.

I am very glad to know this and I am anxious to meet you and render my full cooperation in this great, important and noble endeavour for welfare of the entire human society. I hope this noble movement will unite the communists and the capitalists alike for the common goal of life which still remained veiled for want sufficient intelligent class of men.

I wish, therefore, that in this congress a combination of the most intelligent personalities of all nations shall unite together and teach the people in general, ignorant in spiritual knowledge, that

(1) Human life is based on spiritual ground\\
(2) Spirit is separate superior element than matter and\\
(3) by spiritual culture of life only the human society can be brought into perfection.

This perfection of life will help also in building up the next progressive life after death. The human society is meant for liberal cooperation for this movement of all round perfection of the human society without any bar for class or nation or dogmatic faith. Spiritual culture is not dogmatic faith but it is based on philosophy, reason and culture. This can be introduced very easily through convenient methods of music, dance and refreshment which are acceptable by all grades of human being in all parts of the world. It requires only to be organized by combined effort of the intelligent class of men of all nations. I have tried to explain the human cultural synopsis in fifty pictographical explanation and I wish that these pictographical explanations may widely be distributed. The sponsors of the Congress have taken charge of this and I hope they will do the needful.

Without spiritual culture a human society is another polished edition of the animals. There is no value of education in the animal society as the trained up lion in a circus is never to be trusted. The lion is not trusted because it cannot assimilate spiritual knowledge. But a man is able to take up this knowledge and his formation of the brain is meant for it. It is nothing extraordinary for him because he is prepared for this culture and is awaiting proper administration only. The ways and means were envisaged by the liberated souls and especially by the sages of India and I proud to feel that Lord Buddha happened to be an Indian and we worship Him as incarnation of Godhead. His holy name is mentioned in the Vedic literature like Bhagavata. We can take help from the Bhagavata the cream and ripen fruit of the Vedic literature and stop at once the quarrel and turmoil of the present world.

I hope that your honour along with other thoughtful men of your great country will give full attention to this movement and I am always with you for rendering my humble service for this cause.

I hope this will meet you alright and more when we meet.

Yours in the service of the Lord.\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. A similar letter by air is also sent to\\
Mr. Teruta Kunito\\
Mayor of Takamatsu City\\
Takamatsu City, Shikoku Island, Japan
