~~Title: Letter to: Satsvarupa — February 15, 1967~~
~~bc: Satsvarupa — February 15, 1967~~

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1967-02-15
showdate_hidden  : 2020-02-15
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : February 15
Year_letter      : 1967
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I hope you have received my previous notes sent to you in different letters. I have not as yet received the copy of Narada Bhaktisutra which you want me to write commentaries. I hope you are duly editing the tapes of Teachings of Lord Caitanya. While typing the records after your editing make it in duplicate and send me one copy to see how you are doing it.

I have now just five tapes with me out of which I am returning one to day. Please let me know how many tapes are there till today. Neal was to come here but he has not come; therefore, I am sending you the tape both for typing and editing. I hope you will do it nicely. May Krishna be pleased upon you.

I have advised Brahmananda to transfer $6200.00 to my savings account and please see that it is immediately done. I have sent him the letter of transfer simply he has to sign it or you may sign it and forward it to the Bank. I allowed you to deal with the Bank for two reasons. 1. That I may be free from monetary dealings 2. That you may learn also how to deal with. But recent indiscriminate issues of checks have perturbed my mind. By indiscriminate issues of checks $1000.00 of society's money have been put into risk.

So far I can see from the correspondence of Brahmananda it is not possible for us to get the house for so many reasons. The main reason is that we have no money to pay cash and nobody is going to invest cash in that house because it is neither complete nor has any income. It is simply utopian to think of possessing the house and Mr. Payne is simply giving us false hope. That is the verdict of devotees and trustees here and for reasons I believe it is correct. Please see therefore that the above amount is immediately transferred. When actual sale contract is there I shall again retransfer the amount as I did it a few days ago.

You are all innocent boys without any experience of the world. The cunning world can befool you at any time. So please be careful of the world in Krishna Consciousness. When Krishna will desire the house will come to us automatically. But we should not ask Krishna to give us a house let Krishna give us when He likes. If Mr. Payne is able to give us the house it is so far very good. But from circumstances it appears that Mr. Payne cannot get financial assistance from any businessman. If somebody gives us donation for the right cause that is a different thing. So we should only wait for Krishna's mercy and should not jeopardize the hard earned money for service of Krishna. I hope you will not misunderstand me. Both you and Gargamuni must be careful about the accounts and see that checks above $50.00 are not issued indiscriminately.

Hope you are all well and shall be glad to hear from you by return post. Please ask Rayarama to write to me. I am anxious to know if he had any talks with Mr. Ypslantin.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
