~~Title: Letter to: Sri Krishnaji — March 25, 1967~~
~~bc: Sri Krishnaji — March 25, 1967~~

====== Letter to: Sri Krishnaji ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sri Krishnaji
ListDate_hidden  : 1967-03-25
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-25
To_letters       : Sri Krishnaji
Date_letter      : March 25
Year_letter      : 1967
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Sri Krishnaji,

Please accept my greetings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the 16th March 1967 and with great difficulty I could guess only 75% of the hindi writing. There is no body here who can read Hindi. Anyway I have got the summary of the letter and the immediate issue is that the room must be cleansed and I may inform you that as soon as I return to New York on the 9th April 1967 evening, I shall arrange to send the key for opening the room at least for cleansing. The key is in New York otherwise I would have sent it immediately; sent it from here. But rest assured that the room will be opened and cleansed or vacated by the end of April 1967. Please do not be anxious. My reservation by the United Air Line is already booked on the 9th April and I am returning there.

Regarding publication of my books, you know that since I have come here the work is stopped and that is great loss for me. My primary duty is to publish the Srimad-Bhagavatam and finish it in my life. But preaching in the western countries is also my duty as it was ordered by my Spiritual Master. I thought that I shall be able to publish my books from America but it is very much expensive: therefore I have to get books published from India at any cost. Sriman Surya Kumar Joshi B.A. in charge of the publication department All India Congress Committee No. 7 Jantar Mantar Road New Delhi has very kindly agreed to take the burden of proof reading and if you also join with him to help me in this connection it will be great help for me. If you have time you can please see him and talk with him face to face how you can help me. If you both cooperate then the publication work may immediately be revived. Surya Kumar Joshi is expert in proof reading and as such if he and you cooperate there will be no difficulty.

Regarding Seva Pujah of the temple I have already written to Sripada Narayana Maharaja if he would come to Delhi and live in the temple. If he comes he will relieve you from the seva pujah of the temple and he will do it nicely.

Regarding cooperation in the matter of preaching work in the western countries it is the duty of every Indian and Hindu to cooperate in this task. There are so many Sanatana Dharma establishment in India but no body has tried to preach the principles of Bhagavad-gita in the Western countries although Bhagavad-gita is widely read all over the world. Swamis like Vivekananda or others who came here before me, manufactured their own ideological religion and that is not in conformity of the Bhagavad-gita. The straight way of Bhagavad-gita is that Lord Sri Krishna is the Original Personality of Godhead and He is the only worshipable object for all humanity. "Mattah nanyat parataram kimchid asti dhananjaya". There is nothing superior Truth than Sri Krishna is the Gospel of all Vedic instruction. I am trying to implement this truth in this part of the world and it is the duty of the Hindus and Indians to help me in all respects.

As far as possible try to help me in this mission at least in the publication of my books from India and if possible meet Sriman Joshi with this letter and talk with him. Let me know know your joint decision and that will help me much. If you reply this letter after 31st March 1967 then you may reply this letter to my New York address namely 26 Second Avenue New York N.Y. 10003.

I am glad to learn that Srimat Bahuji and other members of your family are all doing well by the Grace of the Lord and I wish that you be happy in your execution of Harbhakti in which Lord Rama has already engaged you.

Yours affectionately,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. Your friend who wants to come here & stay may directly send me letter about his expenditure for coming here. He may also let me know why does he want to come here & what is his qualification. Then I shall see here. I can help him in the matter of his stay in this country.

ACB
