---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nripen Babu — March 18, 1967",
    "h1":"Nripen Babu — March 18, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Nripen Babu — March 18, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Nripen Babu ======

My dear Nripen Babu,

Please accept my humble dandabats and blessings of Sri Sri Radha Damodara Thakura Dev. I am in due receipt of your kind letter of March 11, 1967 and have noted the contents very carefully. I am very sorry to learn that things in the Temple Srila Jiva Goswami has deteriorated so much. Please therefore immediately go to Vrindaban and make things alright. Stay in the temple for sometime as co-servant and do things as already planned by you. I am very much surprised to note that indulgence in liquor within the temple is going on. Of course I had personal experience that indulgence in Ganja was freely going on and now it has deteriorated to the utmost degree. Please do the needful immediately otherwise things will deteriorate to many more things. I think Governor Visvanatha Das is already aware of the condition of the temple. Many people at Vrindaban has complained against the Gosain of Radha Damodara Temple and consequently the Governor withdrew his promise to pay yearly Rs 500/- for Kirtana in the Temple on Janmastami day. He publicly promised this in the temple while meeting was going on Janmastami day organized by me. Unfortunately a demonstration was made by one woman who made a great show by crying that Panchu has cheated her by Rs 800/-. This show of the woman and subsequent adverse letters by other envious persons marred the whole project. Since then I could understand that no improvement in the Radha Damodara Temple can be made under such condition. The cheating of Panchu by 800/ rupees was subsequently confirmed before me by one woman disciple of Gauracandra Gosain. I remained silent and this the first time I am disclosing the fact before you.

Any way please try to save temple of Jiva Goswami because in very near future many people all parts of the world will come to see the Temple and Samadhi of Jiva Goswami and Rupa Goswami. If you get court permission to sell the land there will be no objection for purchasing %%__%% so far I know that your maternal uncle and cousin brother are also %%___%% in the temple. Sunderlalla son (the Vakil at Mathura) told me like that when negotiation was going on for lease. But I think if court sanction is obtained it will be quite alright.

As far as possible do not get into litigation with your cousin Gauracandra but try to settle things by your presence. Your presence in the temple is essential to establish your claim. In your absence some body as your representative must remain there. It is essential. And you can publish in the paper that no transaction will be valid without your signature as copartner.

You have sought my advice and I beg to submit humbly that you must stay in the temple for some time till things are not out of order. If you feel inconvenient to stay with Gauracandra Gosain, you can stay in my rooms but I think you should remain in the rooms set aside for your staying. You must keep your claim intact. As you are going to restore order in the temple I am always with you because Srila Jiva Goswami's temple is my heart and soul. I think with your cooperation I shall be able to render some genuine service to the Gosvamis Who are staying in the temple. I shall be glad to hear from you now and then specially when you reach Vrindaban during the Holi festivals. My American students are all glad to have your good blessings for them. If Radha Damodara desires many Americans will go to see the holy place of Jiva Goswami in the very near future. I am just trying to

[TEXT MISSING]

Last time when I was in Vrindaban, you know how much attractive and pure Sankirtana was performed by my disciples. To arrange for 50 men's prasadam nowadays means daily expenditure not less than Rs 100/- daily or Rs 3000/- per month.

I do not wish to disturb the position of the sevaits of Radha Damodara Temple, but simply if I am given the facility to live there with my disciples, it will be my pleasure to serve Their Lordships Sr Sri Radha Damodara to my best capacity. Now it is up to you all sevaits to decide on this fact.

Yours sincerely,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

cc. Nripendra Natha Banerjee Nathauram Goswami
