~~Title: Letter to: Dayananda, Nandarani, Uddhava — September 20, 1967~~
~~bc: Dayananda, Nandarani, Uddhava — September 20, 1967~~

====== Letter to: Dayananda, Nandarani, Uddhava ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Dayananda, Nandarani, Uddhava
ListDate_hidden  : 1967-09-20
showdate_hidden  : 2021-09-20
To_letters       : Dayananda, Nandarani, Uddhava
Date_letter      : September 20
Year_letter      : 1967
Place_letter     : Delhi
----

Los Angeles

My dear Dayananda, Nandarani and Uddhavadas,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter post dated the 8th instant and I am very glad to note the contents. I was very much anxious to get the new address of our new center in Los Angeles and now I am pleased that our desire is fulfilled by the Grace of Lord Krishna. Your specific duty is to chant and hear the transcendental Name of the Lord, read some passages from my English version of the Srimad-Bhagavatam and Srimad Bhagavad-gita (Gitopanisad) and explain them as far as possible you have heard from me. Any devotee who has developed genuine Love for Krishna can also explain the truth about Krishna because Krishna helps such sincere devotee seated in his heart. Every one must be frustrated who is not Krishna conscious because the eternal relationship with Krishna is so nice. That eternal relationship with Krishna can be revived simply by chanting His Holy Name in right earnest.

I understand from your letter that the situation in Los Angeles is different from San Francisco or New York, in the matter of communications. But the flavor of Krishna consciousness is so far-reaching that it will go far and wide if we chant with devotion. After all Krishna is the master of all situations. In the beginning you may feel some difficulty but rest assured that Krishna is always with you and he will help you in all respects.

I understand also that you are very much anxious for my return to your country and I am also equally anxious to return and see you again. So far my health is concerned I am definitely improving in my health but if I work a little hard or walk a little more I feel tired. Unfortunately there is no good typewriter here and this letter I am typing my self. Acyutananda is not fast typewriter and Kirtanananda is going back to London tomorrow. I have advised him to start a centre in London positively and after a month Rayarama will join him from Boston. Kirtanananda has experience to start a new centre and therefore I have entrusted him with this great task. I hope he will be successful there as I have given him one important letter of introduction for London. Please pray to the Lord that he may be successful. I have heard from friends that the climate of Los Angeles is warmer. For my health I require warmer climate. Whatever improvement is made here in the matter of my health it is all due to warm climate. As such I shall be pleased to know about Los Angeles with special reference to its climatic conditions.

Encouragement to the dead souls in the western countries is to inform them that God is not dead. He is not only alive but also we can go and live with Him face to face. The Bhagavad-gita gives us this specific information and one who goes there in the Kingdom of God would never come back to this miserable material world. There is no need of artificial talents. One has to serve Krishna sincerely with whatsoever talent one may have. Guidance of the Spiritual Master and sincere service to the Lord will give us all strength in the science of Krishna.

The Tiloks on the forehead and other parts of the body are symbolic representation of Radha Krishna Temples. In other words by marking Tiloks on all parts of our body we become protected by the Lord from all sides. Besides Tilok marking at once makes one known as Vaisnavas therefore they are necessary as much as the beads. Hope you are well and shall be glad to hear from you.

Yours ever well wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
