~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — November 11, 1967~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — November 11, 1967~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1967-11-11
showdate_hidden  : 2020-11-11
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : November 11
Year_letter      : 1967
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am very glad to see your letter dated Nov. 3, in which you have sent the good news that MacMillan Co. has agreed to publish my Gita Upanisad and the contract has been prepared. This service is done by you is a great asset for our society's future activities. The quotation as you have given from my letter of Oct. 11, just stands. I do not want crowd of Kirtananandas but I want a single soul like Brahmananda, Mukunda, Rayarama, and Satsvarupa. The same example is always applicable that one moon is sufficient for the night as not thousands of stars. Please carefully handle the dealings with MacMillan Co. which was begun by your good self. If publications are there we can work from one center only like New York or San Francisco for propagating our cult all over the world. Let us stick to the publication of BTG more and more nicely and publish some Vedic literatures like Srimad-Bhagavatam, Caitanya Caritamrta, etc. I've received one telegram from Mukunda, reading as follows: SWAMIJI BRAHMANANDA AND I AGREE YOU START IMMEDIATELY ADVISE EXACT ARRIVAL---MUKUNDA in reply to this, I may say that I am expecting my P-Form sanctioned and most probably I shall be starting sometime next week. If I stop in Tokyo for a day to probe if there is any possibility of starting a center. From Tokyo I shall let Mukunda know by telegram when I am exactly arriving in San Francisco. From San Francisco I shall try to go to see our two new centers, namely Los Angles and Sante Fe.

I have read your statements regarding opening centers. I am not in agreement with Mr. Altman that we are expanding very thinly. In my opinion, a single sincere soul can maintain a center. You know I started the center at 26 2nd Ave. alone. I took the risk of 200.00 dollars per month for the rent. At that time there were no assistants. Mukunda was at that time a friend but there was no responsibility for him for maintaining the center. Gradually Kirtanananda and Hayagriva joined but they did not take any responsibility. Still I was maintaining the establishment simply depending on Krishna and then Krishna sent me everything---men and money. Similarly, if a sincere soul goes out and opens a center in any part of the world Krishna will help him in all respects. Without being empowered by Krishna, nobody can preach Krishna Consciousness. It is not academic qualification or financial strength which helps in these matters, but it is sincerity of purpose which helps us always. Therefore, I wish that you will remain in charge of New York, let Satsvarupa be in charge of Boston, Let Mukunda be in charge of San Francisco, let Janardana be in charge of Montreal. Let Nandarani and Dayananda be in charge of Los Angeles. And let Subala das be in charge of Santa Fe. In this way you will follow my example as I did in the beginning at 26 2nd Ave. That is preaching, cooking, writing, talking, chanting everything one man's show. I never thought about the audience. I was prepared to chant if there were no man to hear me. The principle of chanting is to glorify the Lord and not to attract a crowd. If Krishna hears nicely then he will ask some sincere devotee to gather in such place. Therefore, be advised that thousands of centers may be started if we find out a sincere soul for each and every center. We do not require more men to start. If there is one sincere soul that is sufficient to start a new center. With this expectation I wanted to send Kirtanananda to London but he has proved himself unworthy. When I arrive in your state, I may ask Rayarama to go to London and your good self to Russia and Gargamuni to Holland. The incident created by Kirtanananda and Hayagriva may not disappoint us in the least. Let us remain sincere to Krishna and His bona fide representative and we are sure to carry out our mission successfully. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
