---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — November 13, 1967",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — November 13, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — November 13, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gargamuni
ListDate_hidden  : 1967-11-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-11-13
To_letters       : Gargamuni
Date_letter      : November 13
Year_letter      : 1967
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings! I am in due receipt of your letter dated Nov. 8, 1967. You have written to say that your wife and you have a problem on which you require my help. The whole world, beginning with the highest planet to the lowest in this material world is facing this problem. Combination of husband and wife is a necessary satisfaction of the sex urge. The foolish people see everyday this problematic situation, still they are not intelligent enough to avoid it. Training of brahmacari life is especially meant for this purpose, and a student is advised not to indulge in sex life just to avoid these problems. It is very difficult to satisfy a woman by a person who has no good income, neither very good health. The woman as a class wants sufficient means to eat, and decorate and at the same time full satisfaction of sex. Any husband who cannot satisfy his wife by these three items, namely sufficient food, sufficient dress and ornament, and sufficient satisfaction of sex, must meet all these problems. And as soon as one becomes engaged in solving these problems it is very difficult to make any progress in Krishna Consciousness. If one is serious to make any success in the matter of Krishna Consciousness, one should avoid the association of woman as far as possible. Married life is a sort of license to the incapable man who cannot avoid sex life. On this statement, you can understand your real position. I do not agree with your wife's statement that New York is unfit for human habitation. A real Krishna Conscious person can adjust things nicely even in hell. A fully Krishna Conscious person is always in transcendental position and he is not afraid of any place which is so called, unfit for human habitation. A Krishna Conscious person is always satisfied whether in Vaikuntha or in hell. His satisfaction is not the particular place but his sincere service attitude towards Krishna. I have no objections if your wife and you go to San Francisco and live there peacefully as man and wife concentrating your attention for Krishna Consciousness. Hope you are well

Your ever well-wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
