---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 21, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — January 21, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 21, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

New York

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 1/15/68. And I have noted the contents, especially the activities of Maya, carefully. Krishna Consciousness movement is actually declaration of war against Maya. The conditioned souls who wanted to enjoy this material world are captivated by the sex desires. If one wants to get out of this material existence, he must control sex desire. The whole scheme of Vedic civilization is based on this principle of controlling sex desire. There were 4 orders of life; Brahmacari, Grhastha, Vanaprastha, and Sannyasa. The majority of the orders namely Brahmacari, Vanaprastha, and Sannyasa are forbidden sex life. Only the householders are allowed sex life. That is also restricted. That means sex life is condemned throughout because that is the cause of material bondage. Feeling of sex life in young boys and girls is quite natural, but one has to check such sex life by reason, argument, and knowledge. The married boys and girls are there---in our society sex life is not forbidden. If Jagatananda is feeling sex urge so urgently even at the age of 16 or 17, he must be prepared to take the responsibility of married life. When I was in India, Gargamuni wrote me plainly like that, and I at once allowed him to get married. Now I see that the boy and girl, Gargamuni and Karunamayi, are living happily. So if Jagatananda is after that nice girl Lilasukha, he must arrange for marrying her. Otherwise where is the solution? I cannot allow in our society any nonsense like illicit sex life at any circumstance. Jagatananda must subdue his sex desire by constant chanting of Hare Krishna, and praying to Krishna to help him. If not he must be prepared to marry and take the responsibility fully. As his elder brother you will please instruct him of my desire.

Actually the association of young boys and girls is very much disruptive for Brahmacari life, but in your country it is impossible to stop free mixing of young boys and girls. So voluntarily they have to check these sex desires until they are married. If they are strong enough in Krishna Consciousness any amount of sex urge will not disturb them. Even it disturbs, it will come and go, Krishna is Madan Mohan, or the Enchanter of Cupid. And Cupid is the god of sex desire. So if anyone wants to enchant Cupid, instead of being enchanted by Cupid, he must take shelter of the Enchanter of Cupid, Sri Krishna.

So far I am personally concerned, Kirtanananda was doubtful about my existence because he thought that I am dependent on his massaging, so the thought that there is no necessity of Spiritual Master, because Spiritual Master is an ordinary man, and to depend on an ordinary man is a tyranny. Therefore one should always think of Spiritual Master not an ordinary man. You are intelligent and advanced in Krishna Consciousness, and you can understand what is the attack of Spiritual Master by Maya. Maya's duty is to keep the conditioned souls under her clutches, so if there is any hindrance by anyone in the discharge of her duties, she must attack the opposite party. But Krishna saves his sincere servant in Krishna Consciousness. The Pandavas were declared devotees of Krishna %%___%% and so many troubles in their life; but ultimately they were victorious by the Mercy of Krishna. This is the process of understanding Krishna and his devotees.

Subala is here %%__%% have told him that Krishna is helping him in the matter of %%__%% complete freedom from blood and bone. He is with me here and he is happy. If Krishna devi comes and joins him again it is better, otherwise, he will forget Krishna devi and be fully engaged in Krishna's service during the rest of his life. He is very sincere servitor and I am confident Krishna is attracting him more and more by His causeless mercy. Do not be worried about him.

The answer (why Maya dealt me a near death blow) is that Hiranyakasipu the agent of Maya tried to give so many death blows to Prahlada Maharaja, but in each and every case he was saved. There is more credit for him on behalf of Krishna. This is replied in __Bhagavad-gita,__ "O, my dear son of Kunti, just declare it throughout the whole world that my devotee is never vanquished." So it will take some time to understand what Krishna's plan is, but rest assured, a devotee of Krishna is never vanquished.

I am not going to write to Jagatananda separately, you inform him everything.

I am negotiating with one place in India for publishing Back to Godhead, at least 10,000 copies per month, at a concessional rate. Please consult with Rayarama and let me know your opinion about this. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I am very anxious to deliver the MSS to MacMillan Co & get the Contract signed by them along with check of $1000.00
