---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: HareKrishna Aggarwal — February 1, 1968",
    "h1":"HareKrishna Aggarwal — February 1, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: HareKrishna Aggarwal — February 1, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: HareKrishna Aggarwal ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : HareKrishna Aggarwal
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-02-01
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-01
To_letters       : HareKrishna Aggarwal
Date_letter      : February 1
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Sri HareKrishna Aggarwal\\
177 Prem Kutia\\
Marine Drive, Bombay\\
India

Dear HareKrishnaji,

Please accept my greetings. I hope your are all well with your associates. You will be glad to learn that I came here to the United States in 1965, and since then I am preaching the Hare Krishna movement throughout the country. The Society's name is as above, and I have got six branches at the present moment, as follows:

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

26 Second Avenue

New York, N.Y. 10003

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

518 Frederick Street

San Francisco, Calif. 94117

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

95 Glenville Avenue

Allston, Massachusetts 02134

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

5364 W. Pico Blvd.

Los Angeles, Calif. 90019

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

3720 Park Avenue

Montreal 18, Quebec, Canada

ISKCON Radha Krishna Temple

411 B.W. Water Street

Santa Fe, New Mexico 87501

Now I want to send a batch of trained disciples into India, and you will see how they are absorbed in this Sankirtana movement. When I was in India, I had some talks with you and you were interested in the matter of spreading the Sankirtana movement, HARE KRISHNA, HARE KRISHNA, KRISHNA KRISHNA, HARE HARE. HARE RAMA, HARE RAMA, RAMA RAMA, HARE HARE, all over the world. I shall be glad to hear from you if you still maintain the idea, and if so, there is ample opportunity now to spread this Bhagavata movement, backed by literatures like __Bhagavad-gita, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Lord Caitanya's Teachings,__ etc. which are already published. You will be glad to know also that my Gita under the title of Gitopanisad, or Bhagavad-gita as it is, is going to be published by Messrs. MacMillan and Co. of New York. Gradually they will take up my English version of __Srimad-Bhagavatam, Brahma Samhita,__ etc.

The younger section of this country, both boys and girls, are taking great interest in this movement. At present I have more than 100 students already initiated, strictly following the Vaisnava regulations. They are freed from following bad habits, namely; illicit sex life, intoxication, gambling, and non-vegetarian diet. So there is ample opportunity for spreading this original Indian cultural movement all over the world, and because you have interest in it, I shall be very glad to hear from you by return of post how you can cooperate in this world wide movement.

I shall request you in this connection to secure a copy of "Illustrated Weekly of the Times of India", published on January 21, 1968, and see on page 38 how our movement is going on. Many papers in this country also, especially LIFE Magazine, Times of India, San Francisco Chronicle, and many other minor papers have printed articles about our movement. Many mayors of great cities, police officials, have also appreciated our movement. The late Ambassador of India, now Governor of Assam, Sri B.K. Nehru, has also great appreciation for these activities.

You will be glad to know that we draw no distinction of caste, creed, or nationality. So if there is any possibility of uniting the whole human race under one religion, under one scripture, under one mantra, under one activity, then this movement will be active. Our mission is one God, Sri Krishna; one scripture, __Bhagavad-gita__; one mantra, HARE KRISHNA, HARE KRISHNA, KRISHNA KRISHNA, HARE HARE. HARE RAMA, HARE RAMA, RAMA, RAMA, HARE HARE; and one activity, namely to serve Lord Krishna with life, wealth, intelligence, and words.

I shall be glad to hear from you how much you are interested in this movement. On hearing from you favorably, I shall arrange to send a batch of trained disciples of this country to exhibit in all important cities of India how they are working.

Thanking you in anticipation for an early reply.

Yours sincerely,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami, Acarya
