---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Janardana — February 7, 1968",
    "h1":"Janardana — February 7, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Janardana — February 7, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Janardana ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Janardana
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-02-07
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-07
To_letters       : Janardana
Date_letter      : February 7
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Janardana,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter dated Feb. 5, 1968. Rayarama has already left for N.Y. on Monday night, so you can contact him there. Regarding your proposal for opening a center in London: I am prepared to go there at any moment. Even I do not mind the severe cold there. I have asked Hansadutta to organize a Kirtana party of 12 heads, so I wish to go there with a strong party for Kirtana and lecture. As you will be free by April 8, you may come to N.Y. just after discharging your reponsibilities, and by that time I shall also reach there. So we shall consult together with Brahmananda, Rayarama, yourself, and myself, how to move all over the world with a Kirtana party. I am very much hopeful of being successful if only selected persons of my followers will form a Kirtana party and have an extensive tour all over the world. In the meantime we are trying to get membership (non-government organization) in the U.N., and if we are fortunate enough to get this membership, then we shall be able to attract the heads of all nations in this important movement. Our program for Krishna Consciousness is solid, and backed by most authoritative literature---__Bhagavad-gita,__ and __Srimad-Bhagavatam__; there is no question of our not being popular to the world. Simply we have to present ourselves in true perspective. We can challenge any rascals of the world but the difficulty is that it is folly to be wise where ignorance is bliss. Maharishi Mahesa has gained so much popularity over Europe or America, means the people of this part of the world are not very much advanced in spiritual science. What is there philosophy in the teachings of Maharishi Mahesa? He is very clever man to collect fund. He is proposing individual mantra which is complete nonsense, and he is charging for mantra and allowing his disciples to enjoy life as they like. So these are all nonsense propaganda proposals, but people are blind in accepting his advice. One thing is, however, clear, that the Western people are searching after some spiritual enlightenment in the real sense of the term. Bhagavad-gita with the right presentation and the program of Krishna Consciousness is the right prescription, simply we have to administer them with cool head and solid program. I think by the Grace of Krishna my working has produced some sincere souls like yourself, Brahmananda, Hansadutta, and others. Now we have to chalk out a solid program by consulting together. In the Western countries, there is no dearth of men and money, as well as intelligence, simply to get them together and our program will be successful. My present program is that I am waiting for a little warmer climate otherwise I would have gone to N.Y. without waiting further. Therefore my present program is that I shall remain in the Western Coast, Cal., during Feb. and March. Then I shall go to New York in April. When I will come there and we'll meet together. Then I will go to Boston in May, then by the month of June I will go to Montreal. I think that is the best time. I shall remain in Montreal for June and July, then we shall go to England and possibly from England, we may go to Amsterdam, Paris, Berlin, etc. Now, man proposes, God disposes. I do not know what is Krishna's desire, but I have chalked out my program like this. Pray to Krishna that He may give me strength to render some service to you and to the humanity at large.

I have not yet received Ron Blackwell's letter which you mentioned. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
