~~Title: Letter to: Gurudasa — February 24, 1968~~
~~bc: Gurudasa — February 24, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-02-24
showdate_hidden  : 2022-02-24
To_letters       : Gurudasa
Date_letter      : February 24
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Guru das,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated Feb. 21, 1968, and I am glad to learn that you had some discussions with some non-devotees. You can take it for granted that nondevotee class who is not in Krishna Consciousness as we are teaching are all great fools never mind how ever they may advertise themselves as meditators, yogis, philosophers, religionists, and so on. We are presenting a scientific program of God consciousness on the basis of the highest authority, Bhagavad-gita. For a preacher there are four principles to be followed. One, he must be fully surrendered to Krishna. Two, intimately in friendly relationship with devotees trying to elevate conditioned living entities to Krishna Consciousness and rejecting the nondevotee class. So if you find a nondevotee eager to listen submissively you can show your mercy to elevate him to Krishna Consciousness, but a nondevotee who is already poisoned by the serpent of the demon class swami or yogi is very difficult to be dealt with, so the best thing is to reject them and not waste time for their elevation; but a person who is willing to hear us submissively must be given chance to understand the philosophy of Krishna Consciousness. I am very much obliged to you for expressing your good sentiments on account of my humble service to you all. Your appreciation of my humble service is thankfully accepted.

Regarding your going to India the house is not yet settled, so unless I definitely hear from Acyutananda and others who are trying to have a nice house for our Indian branch you may not be very much anxious to go to India but I am sure we are going to have a nice house very soon which I shall let you know in due course. Otherwise, when I return, you, your wife, and some other brahmacaris shall go with me.

I have received one letter from Brahmananda asking for a very nice glossy photo portrait of me so if you can arrange to send such a glossy photo it will be very nice. He asked to receive the photo as soon as possible. He has also advised me to take help of a professional photographer if your assistance is not available immediately because I am away from your place. Please let me know if you can send such glossy photo from many negatives which you have got in your possession. I understand also that Rayarama has taken some of the negatives from you in New York so if you like you can advise him to do the needful. Anyway the matter is urgent and I ask you to do the needful. I am expected to return to San Francisco by the 10th of March and I shall let you know the exact time and date later on.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
