---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — February 26, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — February 26, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — February 26, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-02-26
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-26
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : February 26
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Feb. 24, along with two copies of letters, one from Purusottama das Brahmacari at Vrindaban, another from Teen Activity Center of Kings. This letter from the Activity Center is very hopeful for our Kirtana propaganda. I am very much ambitious for leading a Kirtana party, especially all over your state, and Europe. Hansadutta is trying to organize this party. If you can move with this Kirtana party, say a batch of 12 to 15 heads, all over the States, as well as Europe, I am sure we will be more popular than the so-called yogi Maharishi Mahesa. I have received another letter from Acyutananda in which it appears that he is not fixed up in staying in India. He is very seriously thinking of coming back, and this is very disappointing. If he comes back then our dream of opening a center in India is not very encouraging, because Kirtanananda came back, Ramanuja has joined with the Buddhist camp, and Acyutananda at the beginning showed very encouraging hopes, but that is gradually vanishing, and he is eager to come back. The other two boys living with Bon Maharaja, they are not very much hopeful, especially Harivilasa. I have heard about him lots of things from Ramanuja and Acyutananda, and you have written about him that he is little fanatical. Under the circumstances, how it is possible to combine them together and open a branch in India? If I would have been there, I could manage, but I am here. I do not think Rayarama may prepare to go to India at the present moment. When I return to New York, we shall consult together and do the needful. In the meantime, let us consolidate our energy for bringing the books.

My health is ordinarily good, but that hissing sound sometimes is disturbing me. I consulted a physician here, and he has given me some medicine, but it is not improving.

I have written today one letter to Acyutananda to come back if he thinks seriously to do so. I have received the copy of your letter sent to Dai Nippon and if they agree to the proposal, it is all right.

Regarding Purusottama Brahmacari's letter from Vrindaban: if you think you are able to purchase 340 copies at 40% discount, then you can send one letter to Narayana Maharaja asking if he will take the responsibility of receiving the books from him, and pack them and send to Calcutta to our shipping agent. If he wants to take the responsibility and the trouble to do this, then you can send him bank draft being the price of the books, and he will do the needful. In the meantime, I am surprised you have not received the documents from United Shipping Corporation. I have sent you copy of their last letter in which it is said the goods have been shipped by S.S. Flying Enterprise on the 14th of January, 1968. As such, the ship should have reached by now New York, so please take information immediately whether the ship has arrived and also send immediately one letter to the United Shipping Corp. I think nowadays it takes a long time to arrive in New York from Calcutta on account of the Suez Canal being closed. Anyway, you should find out the list of arriving ships from the port information and do the needful. If the ship is arrived recently, send them a telegram why the documents not received.

I am glad to understand that Lord Jagannatha is being repaired, and after this he will begin carving Sri Radha Krishna Murti. I am getting one Pair carved by Gaurasundara. Please find out if this boy Bob has got any knowledge or experience of casting, or any such equipment. I want to make 100 Murtis, probably in hard rubber, for our Temples. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,

N.B. You have asked about the printing of Srimad-Bhagavatam. The printing of the next 3 volumes has already begun in India. But if it is possible to print it here, then, as you know, we have got 50 or so more volumes, and they can be printed here if it can be arranged. But the next 3 volumes have already begun being printed in India, and I have sent you the specimen copy of printing. If printing of Bhagavatam is done here and a Kirtana party is organized then I shall never go back to India. I shall stay here in your good care till my death. Hansadutta will help me in establishing a New Vrindaban in the West. Please inform Hansadutta that I have received his encouraging letter: I am glad to learn that Sriman Umapati is coming to see me. He is heartily welcome. Kindly care of the shipping affairs from India.
