---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rayarama — February 17, 1968",
    "h1":"Rayarama — February 17, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Rayarama — February 17, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Rayarama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Rayarama
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-02-17
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-17
To_letters       : Rayarama
Date_letter      : February 17
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Rayarama,

Please accept my blessings. Herewith please find one letter from Acyutananda Brahmacari, and read it carefully, and then return it back to me for filing. The boy is very much enthusiastic in opening an American House in India (Kanpur), and it is to be understood that the house is very much comfortable and commodious.

We have got another opportunity of cooperating with Pandit Hitsaran Sharma, who is anxious to publish ISKCON magazine from India, and he is prepared to take the charge of it, and he wants our full cooperation. The copy of the letter received from him is also enclosed herewith, please find it.

Now, I am anxious to know if you have delivered the manuscript of the Bhagavad-gita to MacMillan and Co., and whether you are now prepared to go to India. Acyutananda is very anxious to see you there and as you have already written him that you are going there. He wants to see you there by the middle of March. I do not know whether you are prepared to go there by that time. But one thing is very encouraging, that if you go there and manage the publication, both Srimad-Bhagavatam and Back To Godhead, print in cooperation with the proprietor of the Radha Press, it will be a very nice proposal. Printing in India is undoubtedly cheaper than in any other place, because the labor is very cheap there. Gargamuni is very much hopeful for selling Back To Godheads, even up to 10,000 copies. If all these proposals are actually practical, then it is lucrative to give it a try. If it is successful then my program will be 6 months in India and 6 months in this country; and if things go on nicely, we can prepare some preachers so that even if I retire, the missionary work will go on under the able guidance of some of my selected disciples, like you, Brahmananda, Rupanuga, etc. Please reply this letter by return of post. I am anxious to know whether the manuscript is delivered to MacMillan.

Also, please send a copy of the new Back To Godhead to this address as soon as possible: Secretary; Sri Radha Madhava Seva Sansthan; Sri KrishnaNiketan; Rly. Circular Road; Gorakhpur; U.P., India. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Enclosure---2.
