~~Title: Letter to: Hayagriva — March 17, 1968~~
~~bc: Hayagriva — March 17, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Hayagriva ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hayagriva
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-03-17
showdate_hidden  : 2021-03-17
To_letters       : Hayagriva
Date_letter      : March 17
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Hayagriva,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated March 9, 1968. I have come back to San Francisco on the 8th March, and while I was in Los Angeles for two months, I received the balance portion of Bhagavad-gita edited by you. I am expecting the foreword also, but I can understand that it was not yet dispatched. So, when it is prepared you can send it to me here in S.F. I am so glad to understand that you are missing the atmosphere of S.F. which you so nicely enjoyed last year, and similarly, I am also missing your company which I enjoyed last year here. Whenever I go to the class, I remember you, how joyfully you were chanting in the Temple, and whistling the bugle so nicely. Whenever I see the cornet lying idle because nobody can play on this particular instrument, I remember Hayagriva Brahmacari immediately.

So, here the Temple has spiritually improved. Whenever there is Kirtana, either morning or evening, immediately there is a different atmosphere by the Grace of Lord Krishna. And all people, both devotees and outsiders, begin to dance in ecstasy. I am very much encouraged by seeing the atmosphere from S.F. Temple, and when you come here you shall see personally how they are nicely executing Krishna Consciousness. I have some lectures in the colleges, both in L.A. and S.F., and the other day I delivered lecture in San Francisco State College, and the students enjoyed the atmosphere very much. They heard our Kirtana very attentively, and although my lecture was a little terse, on account of our prohibitory regulations, still the students heard me very attentively. And they stood around me even after the meeting was over. One girl questioned me why I am against meat eating, and she was very satisfactorily replied. Today also, in the morning, I lectured and held Sankirtana in the local WMCA building, and there were small children, almost within 10 years, along with their teachers. And they very patiently enjoyed our company for one hour. All the teachers and students danced and sang with us and the scene was very pleasing. So I am very much hopeful that this movement can be spread all over the whole world if we organize simply the performance of Kirtana and a little lecture on the principles of Krishna Consciousness.

In your last letter you informed me that you are holding class and Kirtana in your college, and I will be glad to know the reaction. You will be pleased also to learn that Rupanuga das Adhikari has gone to Buffalo to open a branch there and his report is also very encouraging. Although he has started the class just anew, still there is assembly of 30 students twice in a week classes, and out of them, 10 students are regularly attending and taking part in this movement. There was press interview also with Rupanuga and they have reported very nicely in the paper, Buffalo News.

I hoped that Kirtanananda Swami would open some branches in many parts of the country after his return from Vrindaban, but I am sorry that he has left our company. So I am missing also him. But since he is continuing to keep his name, Kirtanananda, which was given by me, I think I have got still some right to say that he may resume his Krishna Consciousness movement instead of trying to open some ashram of non-denominational type. I think non-denominational type of spiritual activities will never be successful. I am so glad to learn that one gentleman is going to open an ashram in the West Virginia, and he has secured a big tract of land, 320 acres, and I wish that this tract of land may be turned into New Vrindaban. You have New York, New England, and so many "New" duplicates of European countries in the USA; why not import New Vrindaban in your country? I have suggested some of the devotees here that in S.F. they should establish New Jagannath Puri. It was already inaugurated when last year the Car Festival Ceremony was performed and you took part in it. And when you come next year, please encourage them to enhance the enthusiasm, and just try to have a new settlement on the Pacific side under the name of New Jagannath Puri. I am returning back to N.Y. sometimes by the middle of April, provided it is not too cold there. In all probability, I hope I shall get a permanent visa in your country, and if Kirtanananda endeavors to utilize the 320 acres for turning it into New Vrindaban, I may permanently stay there and try to serve you in constructing a New Vrindaban city in W. Virginia. I shall let you know when I shall go to N.Y. and if possible, please try to see me there in some weekend, and we shall be glad to talk face to face what is actually the misunderstanding, between ourselves. I do not think there is any misunderstanding on the principles so we can join again as before and combinedly we can work for pushing on the movement of Krishna Consciousness in your country.

Hansadutta, along with his wife Himavati, is organizing a Kirtan Party for demonstrating all over the country, and when I return to N.Y. I shall give it a concrete shape. What about your drama on Chaitanya movement? Please try to finish it.

While I was in L.A., Woomapati came there to visit me, and when I came here, he also came. After spending a few days in S.F., he flew back to L.A. where he will be staying to help the Temple there very nicely.

I think all this news will keep you alert in Krishna Consciousness and I shall expect your regular letters whenever you find convenience. Hope you are well.

I am Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
