~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — March 12, 1968~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — March 12, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-03-12
showdate_hidden  : 2020-03-12
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : March 12
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 3/9/68. Yes, I safely and pleasantly arrived in S.F. from L.A. on March 8th morning, and I am keeping fit, lecturing in the Temple. The Temple atmosphere is very nice, when meeting takes place, the temple is full to its capacity, and people are taking very much interest in our philosophy. So I am very much hopeful of this center under the guidance of Sriman Jayananda. If you want to put me in a separate place from the Temple, I would prefer to stay in the Chatham Tower. This Tower is situated in the Chatham Square, just on the junction of Chamber Street and Park Road. It is just after finishing the China town. Sometimes back, when I was searching a house, and I didn't yet open any center at 26 Second Avenue, I liked this Chatham Tower very much. But at that time, I had no means; neither I have means just now. So if you like to keep me in a nicer place, then please try for it. Otherwise I shall be satisfied to remain in my present place under your care. If my apartment is very noisy, presently, then of course, you will have to find out some place, but it must be nearer to the Temple so that I may attend Temple meetings without delay.

The American Mail Lines has verbally promised 10% concession, but we have no written letter. But we were getting free concession from Scindia Navigations; that letter I have got, and am enclosing herewith, keep it in your files.

So far the musical instruments are concerned: If they pay, you may send to Boston as you suggested; Montreal has already paid for their instrument, $100, but they owe N.Y. $500. In Montreal, who will play? There is no member. San Francisco has no mrdanga, their's has been transferred to L.A. Therefore, they require one mrdanga. Yes, you may keep the one formerly intended for Hayagriva; when I go there to N.Y., I will see about it. Do as you think best regarding Jonathan Altman.

So far Michael is concerned, he is being forced to take meat, let him attend class, and pray to Krishna for his future release from the difficulties he is experiencing at home. But so long he has to eat meat, he cannot be initiated. Let him attend classes regularly, and render service as much as possible, and Krishna will help him to get out of this dilemma. And when I come to New York, I shall see what is the situation.

I am enclosing herewith a letter from Krishna devi which speaks for itself. Please reply her that she cannot take charge of one of our centers because she has violated the regulations of our society. In spite of having her duly married husband, she indulged in illicit sex life, so this is willful violation of our rules and regulations. So far her Krishna Consciousness activities are concerned, she can execute nicely wherever she lives, and I have all blessings for her, because the door of Krishna Consciousness is open for everyone, but when one has to take charge of a center, he has to become completely above suspicion.

Hope you are well.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. I have received your second letter which I shall reply tomorrow along with your previous note.
