---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rayarama — March 3, 1968",
    "h1":"Rayarama — March 3, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Rayarama — March 3, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Rayarama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Rayarama
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-03-03
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-03
To_letters       : Rayarama
Date_letter      : March 3
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Rayarama,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due reciept of your letter dated Feb. 29, 1968. With reference to your Gaurasundara das letter, "I am being overloaded with mail lately" is not meant for you. I must have sufficient correspondence with the main pillars of the society. You are one of them, so you are at liberty to write me as many letters as it is required. Sometimes I receive many letters from devotees with questions which could be solved in the Istagosthi meetings.

I am so glad to learn that you are now editing TLC with keen interest. Please do it nicely and finish it as soon as possible. Regarding kitchen affairs, as a rule those who are not initiated may not enter into the kitchen affairs, but uninitiated members can work under the guidance of another initiated member when there is great need. So the direction which you are giving to the willing girls to help with the kitchen affairs is not objectionable. You can go on doing that.

Regarding Indian center, unless we have full cooperation of Mr. Sharma, it is not advisable to open a center there. Acyutananda is feeling sick and willing to return to his mother, so opening of Indian center may be set aside for the time being until I have the opportunity to return back to India.

In the meantime there is a good news for us that Jayananda, the president of our San Francisco center, is attempting to have their own house in San Francisco. I am returning to San Francisco on the 8th March. I shall see how the matters have proceeded there. Now, if somewhere we get our own house and start our own press and we sit down together for publishing Back to Godhead and other books, how will you like the idea? Most probably I will get my permanent resident visa, and if we sit together for concentrating our energies in the matter of important publication work, it doesn't matter whether we are in USA or in India. Our proposal to open a press in India was to get cheap labor, but here in USA, if our brahmacaris work in the press, there is no question of labor expenditure at all. Subala das has got some experience in working in the press. Similarly, yourself, Purusottama, Madhusudana, and others have got some experience. So how would you like the idea of starting a press in our own building at San Francisco? I shall be glad to hear from you after mature consideration.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
