---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Terry and associates — March 22, 1968",
    "h1":"Terry and associates — March 22, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Terry and associates — March 22, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Terry and associates ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Terry and associates
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-03-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-22
To_letters       : Terry and associates
Date_letter      : March 22
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Terry, and associates,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated March 16th, and I thank you very much for it. I am so much pleased to hear the wonderful news of your Sankirtana meetings in N.J. It is very good. This sort of enterprise is the most valuable spiritual attempt. And I thank you from the core of my heart for doing such a nice thing. Krishna will be pleased upon you, and bestow His Benediction. Similarly, we want to open hundreds of centers, so that people may take up K.C.---that is our mission. It is an easy process, and appealing, and the highest spiritual realization simultaneously. Please continue your excellent work in Krishna's service, and when I come to NY, I shall come there to see how nicely things are being carried on.

I am happy to hear that you continued to chant despite so many doubts and skepticism. That is the process. Even there may be doubts and skepticism, if one continues the chanting process, the doubts will all disappear, and real knowledge will be revealed by the Grace of Krishna. There is the example given of the jaundice patient. He is suffering from disease, and when given sugar-candy, which is the cure, he finds it very bitter and distasteful. But that does not mean the sugar-candy is not very sweet and delicious; it is simply due to his diseased condition that it seems bitter. In order to be cured from his disease, he must take the medicine of sugar-candy, despite the apparently bitter taste, and as he becomes cured, the real sweet taste of the candy is gradually revealed. Similarly, we are diseased, and only if we take to this chanting process may we be cured. Maya may put so many doubts and worthless arguments into our minds, but if we continue the chanting, the curing process will go on, never mind the doubts, and gradually we will get a taste of that sweet nectar of Krishna Nama Sankirtana. That is the process; and you may explain it to all your friends, so they may understand the nature of their doubts and skepticism, and be benefited.

Yes, your devotion will grow at "doubled rates" as you give more and more service to the Supreme Lord. Krishna states in the Bhagavad-gita that the one who is spreading KC is the one most dear to Him. So, you are doing the most valuable service to the Lord by introducing your class-fellows and friends to this Sankirtana movement, and therefore, you will feel more and more increase in your devotion to the Lord. Please continue to do like this, and Krishna will be pleased, and you will be always happy in this life, and what to speak of the next.

Hoping you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
ACB
