~~Title: Letter to: Mahapurusa — March 28, 1968~~
~~bc: Mahapurusa — March 28, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mahapurusa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mahapurusa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-03-28
showdate_hidden  : 2022-03-28
To_letters       : Mahapurusa
Date_letter      : March 28
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

Montreal

My dear Mahapurusa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in receipt of your recent letter, and I am so glad to receive notes of your different Kirtana functions. So far preaching work is concerned, I am expecting both you and Janardana to be very powerful preachers in the near future. Both of you are sincere souls, sincere servitors of Lord Krishna, and He will be very kind to bestow His Blessings upon you. As you go on preaching you will become expert. In every sphere of activity the more a man becomes active, he becomes more and more expert. Your humble attitude is very praiseworthy. You keep yourself in that very humble mentality and Krishna will be very pleased upon you. All three of you are very sincere servitors, and you all should become very good preachers, Janardana, yourself, and Sivananda, so that this Krishna Consciousness movement will be spread all over the world.

It is very good news for me that you are regularly chanting your 16 rounds; try to increase the rounds, but don't decrease. Yes, if you can inject this Krishna Consciousness to the young children, it will be a great service to the humanity and to the Lord.

So far the Advent Day of Lord Rama Candra, it should be celebrated as Lord Caitanya's Birthday was done. Fasting up to evening, and then take prasadam, and chant Hare Krishna whole day, and be engaged in reading and chanting off and on, chant for some time, then read for some time, then again have Kirtana and so on, throughout the day. If you have not got a Ramayana, then you can read Bhagavad-gita or Srimad-Bhagavatam, that is all right.

Yes, a non-initiate can work under the direction of a devotee in the kitchen. So Eric can certainly work under your direction in the kitchen for distribution of prasadam. That is very nice.

Your are saying that you are a fool, and I shall be glad to get a number of fools like you. I want such transcendental fools and not material intellectuals. May Krishna bless you.

I shall be glad to know what specific function you want to perform, and I understand you are going to McGill for performing Kirtana. That is very nice engagement. That is the only specific function for everyone of us. I think you shall try your best to perform Kirtana successfully, and that is the greatest specific function for you. And you can teach some of your God-brothers and God-sisters the art of cooking, which you know best.

Yes, I am going to N.Y. after the 8th (probably on the 9th) of April and I shall let you know when I am exactly reaching there. Janardana wanted to see me in New York, and I shall be glad to see you both there before I go to Montreal. I wish to go to Montreal after the month of May after I finish my engagement in Boston.

That is very good proposal, to get Indian Pavilion for our Kirtana program. Please try for it. And we can exhibit some of our paintings, and pictures. When I go to Montreal, I shall take selected pictures from Jadurani and as well as some of the pictures by Gaurasundara and Govinda published in our BTG. Jadurani has now become a nice preacher. I have report from Satsvarupa that she gives lectures very nicely. If we open a pavilion I shall take Jadurani also at that time, so she will deliver nice lectures. I shall probably be coming there to Montreal by first week of June.

Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
