---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Janardana — March 6, 1968",
    "h1":"Janardana — March 6, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Janardana — March 6, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Janardana ======

My dear Janardana,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated March 2, 1968. So far the temple is concerned, do what is easier, without too much implicating yourself. The Indians there do not sound to be very reliable; that is my opinion also. So concentrate more on the Canadians and Europeans. Generally, the Indians who come to this country are for material gain only; they have not got very much serious interest in anything spiritual. So when I come there, I shall try to turn the Indians there to become sympathetic to our temple, but most of them being non-Vaisnavas, they may not take to our strict Vaisnava principles. Therefore, they are hopeless to the 80%. If you can sublet the present house, it is better, because that way we can occupy later on if need be. I would like to maintain a Krishna Consciousness boarding house there someday if it is at all possible. But as it is not very easy to maintain the big house at the present time, and you think it best to move to the cheaper one, then I have no objection. It is better not to be too much bothered with rent, and getting into debt that is not very good; so you take care of the matter in the way that there will be less difficulty.

Yes, if Mahapurusa is more needed in New York for his fine cooking service, then he may go there when necessary. Please convey my blessings for both Mahapurusa and Sivananda; they are very sincere souls working very hard to please Krishna and their Spiritual Master. You are all very good servitors of the Lord there, and I am very much anxious for your writings to begin, as they will be a great aid in our spreading of this Krishna Consciousness. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I am leaving S.F. on the 8th March, 1968. Most probably I shall get my permanent residence Visa in U.S.A. ACB
