~~Title: Letter to: Aniruddha — April 9, 1968~~
~~bc: Aniruddha — April 9, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Aniruddha ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Aniruddha
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-04-09
showdate_hidden  : 2022-04-09
To_letters       : Aniruddha
Date_letter      : April 9
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Aniruddha,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated April 5, 1968, and I thank you very much for it. I am very glad that you are taking responsibility for Krishna's sake, this is advancement of Krishna Consciousness. Krishna is full in Himself. He can exert His energy to do anything wonderful, but still He presents Himself as unable to do so. Just like the Battlefield of Kuruksetra, He said all these men are already dead by my arrangement, none of them are going back home to live, the plan is already settled. And Arjuna was supposed to take responsibility and the credit of being victorious. Krishna is so kind, He does everything, but He gives the credit to His sincere devotee. So the more you take responsibility, Krishna is pleased on you. I am very glad you are feeling such responsibility and Krishna will bless you.

Please work combinedly with respect to develop a very nice Temple, and Mukunda has the transcendental ambition to construct our own temple there, and try to cooperate with him. Stop the idea of casting for the present, unless we see one pair nicely made, we cannot order 17 pairs. If actually he has made such statues nicely, never mind in other forms, made of yellow brass, I shall be glad to see it.

There are two kinds of dissolution. One is when Brahma goes to sleep, and another is when Brahma dies. When Brahma goes to sleep, the highest planetary system does not dissolve, the lower planetary systems, beginning from heavenly planets downwards, everything is dissolved. And when the day comes out, they are again created. When the living entities enter into Brahma, or into the Body of Narayana, they keep their own spiritual body, that is very small, 1/10,000 of tip of hair, and when there is again material creation, they manifest again with different kinds of body. Just like a man sleeps at home without any dress, and when he goes out to work, he dresses himself. So similarly in creation, there is different kinds of bodies for working, and whenever there is no creation they remain in their own spiritual body sleeping. No, there is no complete annihilation at the end of Kali yuga, there may be some disturbances, but not complete annihilation. There are thousands of Kali yugas in every day of Brahma, and they come and go just like seasonal changes.

For dishes, best thing is everyone who is eating Prasadam should wash his plate. Otherwise, one man has to do so many dishes. So even the guests should also wash their dishes, that is the system in the Temple; not leave one man to do it.

Milk and salt should never be mixed, it is improper, and will cause leprosy. But salt can be mixed with yogurt.

As I am leaving on the 17th, please try to send the kit before then, otherwise you send to N.Y.

Hope you are well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
