~~Title: Letter to: Dayananda — April 12, 1968~~
~~bc: Dayananda — April 12, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Dayananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Dayananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-04-12
showdate_hidden  : 2021-04-12
To_letters       : Dayananda
Date_letter      : April 12
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

My dear Dayananda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter post-dated April 8, 1968, and noted the contents with great interest. I am so pleased to know that you are trying to understand this nice philosophy of Krsna consciousness almost new to your country. Krishna is so pleased that He has sent me so many nice boys and girls to cooperate with my mission, and I am feeling very happy for this Grace of Krishna. Here in S.F. we are trying to purchase one nice church, and the matter is in negotiation. We have offered them the price which we can afford to pay, but they are bargaining the matter, so, if need be, I may ask you for some help in this connection. I am happy that you are satisfied with your family, and continue like this, and be more and more happy with your good wife and your good God-sent child, Candramukhi. I am very much anxious to go there to Florida, because I have heard so much about this city, and because many retired men go there to settle. I am always anxious to open a center there to attract these retired men, and convince them about the utility of Krishna consciousness, but I know also that this retired class of men is very difficult to be convinced because their life-long habit is difficult to be changed. I am rather hopeful with the young boys and girls who are attached to this movement.

I am starting for N.Y. on the 17th of April, and I think I shall be engaged in N.Y. and Boston throughout the months of April and May. As desired by you I could have gone to Florida by the month of June, but I understand you are coming back to L.A. by that time. So we will think over the matter later on. But I shall be glad to know when the exact time you plan to return to L.A. You can write to me your next letter to the New York address (ISKCON, 26 Second Avenue, N.Y., N.Y.)

Regarding parampara system: there is nothing to wonder for big gaps. Just like we belong to the Brahma Sampradaya, so we accept it from Krishna to Brahma, Brahma to Narada, Narada to Vyasadeva, Vyasadeva to Madhva, and between Vyasadeva and Madhva there is a big gap. But it is sometimes said that Vyasadeva is still living, and Madhva was fortunate enough to meet him directly. In a similar way, we find in the Bhagavad-gita that the Gita was taught to the sungod, some millions of years ago, but Krishna has mentioned only three names in this parampara system---namely, Vivasvan, Manu, and Iksvaku; and so these gaps do not hamper from understanding the parampara system. We have to pick up the prominent acaryas, and follow from him. There are many branches also from the parampara system, and it is not possible to record all the branches and sub-branches in the disciplic succession. We have to pick up from the authority of the acharya in whatever sampradaya we belong to.

Hoping you are all three well, and please keep me informed.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
