~~Title: Letter to: Kirtanananda — May 23, 1968~~
~~bc: Kirtanananda — May 23, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kirtanananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-05-23
showdate_hidden  : 2023-05-23
To_letters       : Kirtanananda
Date_letter      : May 23
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Boston
----

Moundsville

My dear Kirtanananda Swami,

Please accept my blessings. I was so glad to receive your letter dated May 13, 1968, and my gladness knew no bounds, exactly like that when one gets back his lost child.

You have written to say that you think of me often and now it is confirmed that you cannot do without thinking of me, because I was always thinking of you. Sometimes I silently cried and prayed to Krishna that how I have lost this child, Kirtanananda. But I am sure that you cannot be lost because you chanted very nicely in Vrindaban. Anyone who once sincerely chanted the Holy Name of Krishna cannot be separated from the Krishna Consciousness atmosphere. So I was sure that you were never lost and you would come back. Anybody who asked me how Kirtanananda left me I answered that either Kirtanananda or Hayagriva cannot be lost because at least they have chanted sincerely the Holy Name of Krishna. Anyway, Hayagriva came to me and was very glad to see him in New York, and I expected also to see you. You wrote one letter to Janardana, and I have replied that letter, and from the letter you can understand my feelings for you.

Krishna has provided you with a nice plot of land, and it is due to His causeless unlimited mercy upon you. You were in Vrindaban but you did not like the atmosphere and you became disturbed, so immediately after your arrival in Vrindaban you felt uncomfortable---that I could understand, and therefore you came back to U.S.A. although it was settled before starting that you continue to live in Vrindaban. Krishna is so kind that you went to Indian Vrindaban, but you did not like that particular place, somehow or other, and therefore He has so kindly awarded so nice piece of land, exactly resembling Vrindaban. We should always know that Vrindaban is not localized in a particular area, but that wherever Krishna is there, Vrindaban is automatically there. And wherever the Holy Name of Krishna is chanted, Krishna is present there because there is no difference between Krishna and His Holy Name. So I am so pleased to learn that you are chanting and meditating of Krishna, and once only you are eating something to keep your body and soul together.

But my request is that as you have accepted Sannyas in this order of our disciplic succession, you must do some more service to Krishna than chanting and meditating, and the opportunity you have got. I understand that the land is very big area; I heard that it is 320 acres of land, and in the letter addressed to Janardana, you expressed your desire to convert this beautiful piece of land into New Vrindaban in U.S.A. I wish that you may try for this New Vrindaban to your best capacity, and Krishna will give you all help. And if this piece of land is turned into New Vrindaban then I shall forget to return to Indian Vrindaban. I am getting older and older, so actually if I get a peaceful place as described by you, the rest of my life will be continued in translating Srimad-Bhagavatam and other Goswami literature, assisted by some of my disciples like you. So anytime you take me to your new hermitage, I shall be very glad to go there. So far your cooking is concerned, you are my first student to learn Indian style of cooking and from you the disciplic succession has spread and many of our students are cooking. But still your cooking surpasses everyone's cooking. I shall be glad to participate in your nice and tasteful prasadam.

I am here till the end of May, 1968, and then I may either go to Montreal or may return to New York. It is not yet settled. My permanent visa is not yet granted; they are making so many implications. It may be that I may get permanent visa in Canada, but nothing is fixed up as yet, so I do not know what is there in the future. But I know Krishna has something in His mind, and whatever He does is the best. I shall be much pleased if you kindly write me at your convenience, and more, I shall be glad to hear that you are chanting Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna, Krishna, Krishna, Hare Hare. Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama, Hare Hare. Hoping you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Sriman Umapati's doing very well in L.A.
