~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — May 6, 1968~~
~~bc: Mukunda — May 6, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-05-06
showdate_hidden  : 2023-05-06
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : May 6
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Boston
----

Los Angeles

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your nice letter of April 28,1968, written in your own handwriting. Yes, I am keeping well by the Grace of my Guru Maharaja, and I am working also on Srimad-Bhagavatam as well as for a nice edition of Caitanya Caritamrta. The Teachings of Lord Caitanya is being printed, 5000 copies in Japan; and the Bhagavad-gita As It Is, is being published by MacMillan Co. very shortly. The arrangement is complete and things are going on. Now you have to find out some person who can distribute our literature and other things. Sometimes you told me you can find out some man who can take charge of our distribution of literature, now please do it very seriously. Because if we have no outlet for selling the books it will be a problem to get the new stock of books. If there is nice distribution arrangement, then at least 2 to 4 books we can publish every year.

I am very glad that Janaki is busy decorating the temple; this is what I want, that every disciple should always remain busy in some work for Krishna. We shall not allow to remain vacant our mind, and if the mind is always filled up with Krishna Consciousness activities, there is no chance of Maya to sit on the mind and force us to act under her spell. Maharaja Ambarisa he did like that and in spite of his becoming a responsible emperor of the world, he was a great devotee of Lord Krishna, and he successfully winned the challenge of a great yogi, Durvasa.

I am so glad to learn about Haridasi, the fortunate girl in Los Angeles. She has got nice parents, and has the opportunity of being in Krishna Consciousness from childhood. It is therefore needed that we may train some children in our Krishna Consciousness movement, and it will come out very successful. Yamuna devi is also training 2 nice boys in S.F., and they are getting very encouraging achievements. It is very good news that the girl Haridasi is dreaming about Krishna, and Krishna is playing with her; it is very much encouraging. It means she will come out a great and successful devotee of Krishna when she is grown up and young. May Krishna bless her, and her good parents, who are training her in that way. Please offer my thanks to Balarama and his good wife.

I know that Umapati is a very intelligent boy, and he tries in that way, he will come out a nice preacher in the future. If he has decided to remain a Brahmacari, and preaches our movement of Krishna Consciousness, it will be a great success for his life. Please inform him that his intimate friend, Hayagriva, came to see me in New York and we talked very frankly, and he is still my good disciple, and I have asked him to stay with me wherever I may be, and he has agreed. I understand also from him that Kirtanananda Swami is also eager to see me, and we shall be very glad if they come back and work with us conjointly. I am praying for this to Krishna.

It is very nice that you are keeping the Radha Krishna Murti so nicely there with you. No, it is not improper to keep Them at your home, but it must be kept with due veneration and respect. If we keep the Statue of Krishna in our room, we must know that Krishna is present, and as such we must be careful in our dealings, talkings and behavior, as we are present before Krishna directly. The altar should be so made, with curtain, that it may be closed when Krishna and Radha are taking rest. Dress them as nicely as possible, we have so many Radha Krishna pictures, you can take idea from them.

Yes, your observation is perfect. If we spread this Krishna Consciousness movement, certainly there will be an atmosphere of purity and people will be happy both and this life and the next.

Please try for these things, draft deferral and tax exemption. It is greatly needed. You will be pleased to know that Robert Kennedy heard Hare Krishna Kirtana from poet Allen Ginsberg. He is very kind to chant Hare Krishna wherever he goes, as I have requested him to do, and when he met me at San Francisco, he told me that he chanted Hare Krishna before Mr. Kennedy. So I think it is already in his attention.

That is all right, whenever you are able to do so, then contribute 50% of your income to the temple.

Syamasundara wanted to go to London; what is his opinion about this? I am very much eager to open a center in London. If Syamasundara and Malati go there, then one or two other Brahmacaris may go there to organize a center in London; and as soon as it is in makeup then I may also go there for sometime, to deal with the Beatles who are so much anxious to understand about spiritual knowledge. Any sincere person, never mind whether he is hippy or Beatle, if he is actually searching for something beyond this hackneyed material sense gratification, surely he will find the most comfortable shelter under the Lotus Feet of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu, Who is non-different from Lord Krishna. We should try our best, begging every person to give us some time to listen about this Krishna Consciousness movement, as it is taught by Lord Caitanya.

Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
