~~Title: Letter to: Rayarama — June 12, 1968~~
~~bc: Rayarama — June 12, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Rayarama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Rayarama
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-12
showdate_hidden  : 2020-06-12
To_letters       : Rayarama
Date_letter      : June 12
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Rayarama,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter of June 9th, 1968, and it is very kind of you that you are seriously thinking about Krishna Consciousness movement and trying to engage yourself more and more seriously. My blessings are always with you. You are very sincere boy trying your best to serve Krishna and by His Grace you are quite fit for this business, and considering all these points, I have entrusted Back To Godhead in your hand. Because this paper is the beginning of my spiritual life. During the time of my Guru Maharaja's passing away, His last instruction was to me that "You try to preach whatever you have learned from me in English, and that will do good to you and the people who will hear you." This instruction was given to me in 1936, and I started this paper in 1944. So during my householder life I was printing this paper and almost distributing free, and some of them were paying me subscription, and some of them not. But I was trying my best at my cost. You have seen the old articles about my tendency in this regard, and please try to follow this principle and improve the condition of this paper as you think best. You have got full liberty to make it acceptable to the general public, keeping pace with our principles of Krishna Consciousness. And as I have told you several times that I am awaiting for the day when this paper will take the shape of Life magazine or similar other magazines, in the matter of its popularity. From India this paper has been brought to America, with this hope that American young boys like you will take interest in spreading this sublime gospel of Krishna Consciousness.

By the by, I require you to find out the duplicate copies of Srimad-Bhagavatam, 2nd Canto, and a few chapters of the 3rd Canto, which are lying in my closet in my room, and send to me immediately. I want to prepare it for printing in Japan just after the printing of TLC is finished. I have decided it now definitely that all my printing works now shall be done in Japan. In America it is too expensive, and in India it is too much botheration. Therefore in future if there is money sufficient I wish to print each volume of my book, 5000 copies. Now, very soon we shall get 5000 copies of TLC and we have to organize the sales propaganda. If there is sale, then there is no scarcity of matter for printing. Mukunda has written that he is acquainted with some man for selling Back To Godheads, and you can just contact him to know further about it. I am sending you today the balance book sheets of TLC to Brahmananda. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

While posting this letter I have received your second letter also. I understand that you are purchasing a printing machine. When you have the machine somebody must join you to work anybody you like and I shall arrange for that. If it is possible to print Srimad-Bhagavatam then you can immediately begin it & I shall pay for the paper, binding etc. We want to print them immediately. If you can actually print our books in your Iskcon Press there a great problem will be solved. And if not any one I shall work with you provided you can give me the visa to stay. Please let me know how far you are ahead in this proposal.

Yours etc.\\
ACB
