~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — June 11, 1968~~
~~bc: Mukunda — June 11, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-11
showdate_hidden  : 2020-06-11
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : June 11
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter, (undated) and noted the contents carefully. As Umapati has decided to leave Los Angeles, I would like that he may go to Santa Fe and help Subala there, because he is struggling alone there. I think you will also agree with me and try to send him there as there is great necessity of another Brahmacari to cooperate in that temple.

Regarding my visa: I think it is Krishna's desire that I shall go to England for the time being and start a center there which is long overdue. I wish to start for London latest by September 1, 1968 and I think you should prepare to go there by that time, otherwise it will be too cold in October and November. But if you go there in the beginning of September, then you may be acclimatized gradually. Your presence in the London center with other assistants will be great helpful, considering the fact that I wish to form a nice Kirtana party consisting of 12 heads---2 mrdanga players, 1 harmonium player in melody, 1 tambura player, and at least 6 cymbal players. In this way 12 heads shall perform Kirtana very rhythmically and melodiously. The harmonium should be practiced just to follow the song; not simply for tuning. I think you can very well organize this Sankirtana party, and if we have a successful Sankirtana party, with me, backed by our books and literature, we can make a nice propaganda of this sublime movement in all the European cities. And if we are successful in Europe then we may go to other countries also in Asia. In India also if we go with this Sankirtana party we shall be very much welcome and there is great possibility of cooperation of the richer section of India. So I am thinking of organizing this nice Sankirtana party very seriously and you may also think in that way.

I have already heard that in San Francisco they are going to celebrate Rathayatra festival very successfully. In New York also they will perform this ceremony, and most probably here in Montreal the ceremony will be performed. The Montreal temple is very big and spacious, and there is good prospect for organizing this temple. So I shall try my best to organize this center with the cooperation of Indians here, and then I shall start for London.

You are learning some techniques about playing mrdanga is very nice; that will help others also to know how to play.

The copy of the letter of the police chief was already received by me from Jayananda. It is very good.

I shall later on explain to you the story of Maharaj Amburish. The summary of the story is that Durbasa was a great successful yogi and Maharaj Amburish was a pure devotee. Due to Durbasa being a Brahmin and a yogi, he was very much puffed up and he did not like that Maharaj Amburish was honored as a pure devotee of the Lord. So he picked up a false quarrel with him, but unfortunately, he was too much humiliated in the eyes of the public in spite of presentation of his wonderful mystic powers. The lesson from this story is that devotees of the Lord are never puffed up, and all others, whatever they may be, they are all puffed with material facilities. But if , unfortunately, there is some tension between a devotee and a yogi, or any others, the devotee always comes out victorious by the Grace of Krishna.

Hope you are both well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

5364 W. Pico Blvd.\\
Los Angeles, Cal. 90019
