~~Title: Letter to: Jagannatham Prabhu — June 22, 1968~~
~~bc: Jagannatham Prabhu — June 22, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Jagannatham Prabhu ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jagannatham Prabhu
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-22
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-22
To_letters       : Jagannatham Prabhu
Date_letter      : June 22
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

Dear Jagannatham Prabhu,

Please accept my respectful obeisances at your lotus feet. I am so glad to receive your letter after a long time. I think I met you sometimes in the year of 1950, in Madras Gaudiya Math, when I went with Tirtha Maharaja to attend the Janmastami Festival. I know you are a sincere servant of Srila Prabhupada and you have done excellent service while He was present before us, and you have done similarly even after His Disappearance. I am very glad to learn that your children are well situated, but you are very much anxious to get them in touch with Krishna Consciousness. You know very well that jadavidya is the opulence of maya. So naturally, your children being well educated in jadavidya, are reluctant to receive enlightenment in Krishna Consciousness. But there is nothing to be disappointed, because they are your children; they have got the initiative seeds in them, and someday it will fructify. Don't worry about them; Krishna will put them in right line in due course.

As ordered by you, I have immediately asked my assistant, Sriman Rayarama das Brahmacari, in charge of Back To Godhead magazine, to send you all necessary literatures immediately. Besides that, I have some disciples working in Delhi. Their address is: Sriman Acyutananda das Brahmacari; c/o Radha Press; 993/3 Main Road; Gandhi Nagar; Delhi-31, INDIA. And you can write to him, and with my name, for sending you some copies of Back To Godhead. I have published __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ 1st canto, in 3 volumes, and they are available in Bombay at Thackars Booksellers, Rampart Road, Bombay. Or, at Three Party Company Booksellers, Princess Street, Bombay. I think if your children take care to read these literatures, and books, they will be convinced of this Krishna Consciousness movement.

Regarding our Gaudiya Math in Bombay: I am very sorry that you are disappointed in respect of their activities. I know this fact because in 1934 I was one of the active members in starting this Math. The Gowalia Tank center was opened by me, and although I lived separately from the Math, practically I was in charge of the Math and under the instructions from His Divine Grace. Then after His Departure, you know so many unhappy things happened, but, as I was a householder, I remained always aloof from those unhappy incidences. I have accepted this renounced order of life in 1958, and since then I am completely devoted to the service of His Divine Grace Srila Prabhupada. You'll be very glad to know that by the Grace of Srila Prabhupada, the duty which was entrusted upon me is being discharged as faithfully as possible, and by the Mercy of His Divine Grace, I have got here many American boys and girls, who are sincerely assisting me. I have got 8 branches in U.S.A. and one in Canada, and probably my next move will be in European countries, beginning from London. As you are Prabhupada's old disciple and you have served His Divine Grace so nicely, I would request you that you can make some attempt to open a branch of this International Society for Krishna Consciousness in Bombay. And if you agree to this, then I can send some of my American disciples to join you. Your children and these American boys under your guidance may do very good service to the cause of Srila Prabhupada in spreading this Sankirtana movement. I have trained my disciples to perform Sankirtana nicely and deliver lectures on Krishna Consciousness, and if your children practically see their activities, certainly they will be influenced. Besides that, they can talk on Krishna Consciousness very nicely. I shall be very glad to know from you if there is any possibility for such activity. Bombay is very advanced city in India in all respects. They have got money, and they have got heart also to participate in such movement. Unfortunately the present workers in the Bombay Gaudiya Math are not at all competent to do any tangible work. They are staying there for the last 35 years, but they have not done any appreciable work. it is simply a place "__khabadavar addakhama.__" Srila Prabhupada used this word many times in connection with inactive centers. And when one was too much engaged in buildings, He always warned that our business is not for becoming mason workers, or becoming carpenters, neither to create a place for eating and sleeping. So these people are collecting funds and eating and sleeping. The reason is that they deviated from the disciplic succession from Srila Prabhupada. So, I don't wish to discuss on this point, because you know better than me; but I think you are also old enough, and I am also old enough. At any time we may pass away from this world, but I wish that we may try to do some service to Srila Prabhupada until the last moment of our life.

I was thinking of opening a branch in Bombay of this International Society for Krishna Consciousness, and if you cooperate, we can attempt this important activity. Your letter was addressed to my headquarters at 26 Second Avenue, New York, N.Y., and it has been sent to me at Montreal. I shall be glad to hear from you about these suggestions in your next letter. Thanking you once more for remembering me.

Hoping you are well,

Yours in the service of the Lord,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
