---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — June 13, 1968",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — June 13, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — June 13, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-06-13
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : June 13
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter dated June 8, 1968, as well as for the booklet you have sent describing my activities in Boston. Your endeavor to utilize energy 24 hours for Krishna Consciousness is a great qualification. I am very glad to know that you are risking $350.00 a month for taking a nicer accommodation for our temple. I quite appreciate this attempt. And Krishna will surely help you. I have sent one letter to Miss Rose, and try to keep friendship with her. She will gradually become more and more interested in our temple affairs. Everyone has dormant love for Krishna and we have to give one possible chance to awake it. Miss Rose was taking gradual increased interest in our temple and I think if you flatter her a little more, she will come to Krishna Consciousness platform, and may be a great help to the center. I am so pleased to learn that the new temple location will be very near business district. In business circle there is a popular English saying that you can earn more by sitting in one place than by travelling in many places provided you can sit down in a place with due consideration. Similarly, if actually you have selected a nice place, that place itself will act as advertisement for popularizing our Krishna Consciousness.

For the time being Devananda must stay with you; he should not come here for the present. When we shall form a Sankirtana party for European tour, I shall call him. Please show him this part of my letter and I hope he will understand. He is very good nice sober boy, and he will be a good help to your activities. In meantime I have received one letter from James. I am enclosing his letter. I do not know what does he want to know from me. This boy is a new boy, and he might have so many ideas within his brain and if you can train him for your purpose he will be a great service. We may always expect that we get always untamed boys and girls, and we have to train them up. That depends on our capacity. So if you can tackle this boy, he may be also good assistant. Our whole program is to train the untrained. Nobody is in Krishna Consciousness and we are trying our best to bring people in that platform.

Hoping you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
