~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — June 28, 1968~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — June 28, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-28
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-28
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : June 28
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of 6/25/68, of Mr. Kallman catastrophe. When I first came from San Francisco to New York, and when you informed me about the prospective business with Mr. Kallman, I was so much doubtful about the success of the plan. And therefore I hesitated. Anyway, whatever is done is done, now try to separate from this botheration without breaking our good friendship with Mr. Kallman. Caitanya Mahaprabhu especially warned His devotees to deal with worldly minded men. Therefore according to Vedic principles, only the Brahmacaris, the Vanaprasthas, and the Sannyasis are recommended to take to Krishna Consciousness seriously or to get free from the problem of earning money. The Grhasthas are supposed to support the 3 sections of the society. Anyway, the best source of our income should be by accepting contributions from the sympathetic public, and selling our own books and literature. That is also a sort of business, but it doesn't matter. And if we do business we must do it independently, without any assistance from outsiders. We can take help from outside in the matter of monetary help, either by contribution or by loan, but not to enter into transactions with outsiders. Because their aim of life is different from ours.

Please therefore do not be agitated at the present situation. Tackle everything cool-headed and if Purusottama is not feeling well, then you can send him for a few days here, to live with me. And while coming here he may bring with him my yellow colored hand-bound Bhagavatam book. Now from the dealings of Mr. Kallman, we can clearly know that he is after business for his own profit. And I am sure he is not going to help us with any money as you expected from him in the matter of publishing Teachings of Lord Caitanya. Therefore, in the acknowledgement, his name should not be given as it was suggested by you. I shall be glad to know what is further development in this connection. But try to settle up everything peacefully, and in future, if possible, you can do business independently.

I understand that you have not written any letter to Dwarkin, but they are awaiting a letter from us regarding the dispatch of goods. I think you noted down what is to be written to them. They must be informed to dispatch the goods immediately.* As Gargamuni is doing business independently, similarly, you can do so without taking any so-called cooperation of Mr. Kallman. Hoping you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*Mr. Kallman wanted Gargamuni also in this business but I stopped him to come here. Let him do it independently and Krishna has saved him from Mr. Kallmans' plan.

In Santa Fe they want incense. So if the incense consignment from India (as I don't know from where) accepted by force then you can distribute them for sale in different branches. I am doubtful now about the records now. Better you take open delivery and dispatch yourself or do things very cautiously.

Kirtanananda is in W. Virginia and he invites 100 Brahmacaris there. I don't how would you like this idea of when we have got 100 Brahmacaris.

ACB
