~~Title: Letter to: Gargamuni — June 7, 1968~~
~~bc: Gargamuni — June 7, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gargamuni
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-07
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-07
To_letters       : Gargamuni
Date_letter      : June 7
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

San Francisco

My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings. I am so pleased to receive your nice letter dated 3rd of June, 1968, with enclosure of two checks, one for $1000.00 and one for $30.00. It is so kind of you that you are interested in publication of Srimad-Bhagavatam for the good of the entire human society. May Krishna bless you for your this magnanimous philanthropy for the human society. There are many philanthropists, humanitarianists, but the best philanthropist is he who can award the people in general Krishna Consciousness. Actually the sufferings of the whole world or the entire universe in material condition, is due to lack of Krishna Consciousness. Therefore, the best service to our brother is to awaken Krishna Consciousness. Your judgment that because you think that you cannot take part in the translation work, therefore, you have decided to contribute for its publication. This dictation from within your heart from Krishna is quite in order. For serving the Lord, we require to sacrifice our life, our wealth, our intelligence, and our words. One can serve the Lord with these four possessions; if not, with three, if not, then with two or even one, and that is sufficient to please the Supreme Personality of Godhead. I wish that you can utilize your best talents in business organization and the result utilize for Krishna's satisfaction is on the absolute platform. To make the idea more clear, if I am translating Srimad-Bhagavatam, and if you are contributing for its publication and helping for its distribution, this means there is no difference between your service and my service. In the absolute platform there is no such distinction. And service is always on the absolute platform. One has to make the best use of his talent for the service of Krishna. That is wanted. Best example is Arjuna, that he utilized his talents, military science, in the service of Krishna.

Brahmananda has come day before yesterday here in Montreal to see me in connection with Teachings of Lord Caitanya, and about my visa. I have told him that do not bother about the visa. For the present, better utilize their energy in the matter of publication work. Our Teachings of Lord Caitanya is going nicely and it will be out for sale by September, and as soon as I find this book is nicely printed, then I shall immediately begin printing our Srimad-Bhagavatam from these printing companies. I find their printing work very satisfactory. I have therefore stopped printing in India, but I shall require at least $5000.00 for printing each part of Srimad-Bhagavatam. Five parts of Srimad-Bhagavatam can be printed immediately. That means I require $25000.00. Anyway, Krishna will provide for this, but I shall request you to make your point either by selling or by contributing, you try to finance as far as possible for these great publications. I am advising the Japan printing company to send you directly 2500 copies of Teachings of Lord Caitanya. If you can sell 2500 at $5.00 each, that will be $12500.00, so there will be no scarcity of money if we can sell our publications quickly after being printed. Then we can repeat the publication one right after another. The best process for selling books is to get them reviewed by various important papers. There are hundreds and thousands of influential papers in your country, and if they are reviewed, the books will be very quickly sold. Very soon you will get also six mrdangas, and other musical instruments from India. I think you are keeping a separate account of my books and as soon as you receive books, you just credit in the book account and whatever you pay, you may debit in the same way. That will keep clear the book account.

I am planning to go to London from here although for the present, the program is for two to three months in Montreal. Please make the Rathayatra festival as successful as possible. I understand from the letters of other devotees that San Francisco is arranging to get at least 1000 to 5000 people to participate in the procession. If they all chant Hare Krishna with the procession, it will be a great success of our movement. Try to fit some loudspeakers for the principle singer which will be vibrated or answered by the whole audience.

Thanking you once more for your kind contribution. Hope this will find you in good health and right Krishna Consciousness.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
