~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — June 21, 1968~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — June 21, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-06-21
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-21
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : June 21
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I have not heard anything from you since you left from Montreal. I think everything is all right with you, and shall be glad to hear from you how far the Dai Nippon Printing work is going on. In the meantime, as I have already informed you, a boy, Ranjit Mullick, is prepared to export goods from India, on the following terms:

1) If letter of credit is open, he is prepared to export goods for the present, up to $1000.00.

2) He will charge 20% on the purchase value of the goods, including all expenditure. That is, F.O.B., free on board. That means he will be free by boarding the goods on the ship, and we will have to pay the freight here, while taking delivery of the goods. This is the technical terms, F.O.B.

3) As he is my friend's son, I have requested him to contribute 50% of the profit for delivering to our International Society Indian center, and he has agreed to this proposal.

Now you can consult with Mr. Kallman and send him some trial order on the above basis. His address is as follows:

Ranjit Mullick

7, Kalikrishna Tagore Street

Calcutta-7

INDIA

I am sending a copy of this letter for Ranjit Mullick, for information, and you can now open correspondence with him by asking quotation for the goods you may require presently. And in receipt of the quotation, you can send him the order if you approve the prices. I think you should give him a trial order, and if the transaction is successful, then you can increase the volume of the business.

Just now I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 18, 1968, and thank you very much. I am replying separately to Hansadutta along with this letter. To the UNITED SHIPPING CORPORATION you can reply as follows: "Dear Sir, Replying your letter dated June 13, 1968, please be informed that the Institute of Oriental Philosophy, Vrindaban, are sending us the consignment of sales account. That is, the price of the book will be paid after sale. So there is no question of sending it through the bank for collection. We do not know why you have advised them to return back the items. In every transaction we are feeling some difficulties. You should clear up the things beforehand. Otherwise, you and we are put into so many difficulties. Regarding the former consignment of 15 cases, Swamiji has already written you that you make prima face invoice and send it and we will return to you. Otherwise, he has sent you several times the invoice and each time there was some defect pointed out by the bank or by you. So, we are fed up in this business. We are quite unaware of the Indian government export business; you should have let us know beforehand. But we do not feel such difficulty with other shippers. We are very much perplexed in these transactions."

You can write them the letter as dictated above and I do not know if you have already asked them to deposit the balance money with Dwarkin. The best thing will be to get your goods exported through a purchasing agent like Ranjit Mullick. We can avoid so many botherations. I am also returning herewith the letter of the UNITED SHIPPING CORPORATION, which was sent by you. Did you write any letter to Dwarkin?

Regarding the 1000 records: Please do not dispatch them until you hear from me. I have written several letters to Mr. Dalmia, Acyutananda, and Jaya Govinda, but I have heard nothing from them still. So, unless I hear from them, do not export the records. Please write to Acyutananda and Jaya Govinda whether they can distribute the records free to respectable Indian gentlemen, and collect some contributions for purchasing Deities, to be installed in our several temples. For the last 2 weeks I have received no reply from them. I do not know what they are doing there. I thought Jaya Govinda would be intelligent enough to cooperate with Acyutananda, but he is also silent. I do not know what to do with them.

The Canadian Immigration affairs is going on. After one week we shall know what the actual position is.

You have sent me two days ago copies of your letters to UNITED SHIPPING CORPORATION, and one letter to Mr. Renovick in Vancouver. But I have not received these copies. I do not know if they are missing delivery.

Hoping you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. Please send a supply of ISKCON stationery as soon as possible, and envelopes.
