~~Title: Letter to: Rupanuga — July 3, 1968~~
~~bc: Rupanuga — July 3, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Rupanuga ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Rupanuga
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-07-03
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-03
To_letters       : Rupanuga
Date_letter      : July 3
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter dated June 30, 1968, just when I was thinking of you, that I have not heard from you since you met me at Boston---immediately I got your letter and it was so nice coincidence! At the same time, 3 beloved devotees, namely Brahmananda, Rayarama, and Gargamuni also arrived at the same moment. So just now in Montreal it is very pleasing atmosphere. Last night we had meetings and sankirtana very nicely, and Brahmananda, Rayarama and Janardana, they spoke each 15 to 20 minutes and they spoke very nicely. And as you are also making progress in Buffalo, which I can understand from the description of your letter, so I am getting more and more enthused that my spiritual children are growing to Krishna Consciousness, and I can hope each one of you in future will be able to propagate this transcendental message. I was so glad to learn that you are coming here with your child, Mr. Eric, and I shall be very glad to receive him here. I hope he is chanting Hare Krishna as he is already accustomed to it. This is the duty of father and mother to enlighten children in Krishna Consciousness and thus save them from the clutches of impending death. The Srimad-Bhagavatam instructs that no body should become father or mother if they cannot take this responsibility, namely, stopping the repeated birth and death cycle of their children.

Yes, the new house sounds very nice, and you can decorate it as you have suggested. It is very nice.

Yes, try to let James hear patiently this Hare Krishna Mahamantra, and he will be tamed without delay. If somebody simply hears very patiently, he will be altogether converted. In India, if a man is bitten by a serpent, it used to be, and still is in some places, that an expert man would chant a mantra, and apply some herbs, and the serpent-bitten man would be saved from death. Similarly, we are bitten by the maya-serpent, and the mantra to save us is Hare Krishna. It in Lord Caitanya's mantra.

Yes, Buffalo will certainly gradually grow to a nice center, because there is a sincere devotee like you. When Vidura met Maharaja Yudhisthira received him by saying that, your good self can make any place a sacred place of pilgrimage because you always carry within your heart Lord Krishna. So that is the real truth. Anyone who carries Krishna within himself, constantly, can go anywhere and turn the place into a sacred pilgrimage. That is the verdict of Srimad-Bhagavatam and blessings of Lord Caitanya. Lord Caitanya gave a plain order that anywhere we go, simply talk of Krishna Consciousness, and you will become a spiritual master. So, if we simply do this work very sincerely, our life, and the life of those who will hear us, will be benedicted.

It is very good news that you have got good prospects of the future of that center in Buffalo. And you will be glad to know that in New York and Boston, by following this process of chanting in public places like parks and streets, they are getting very good response by contributions from the public, as well as by selling our literatures.

Yes, I quite agree with you, on this money subject. This subject matter I have discussed here also. The difficulty is that in your country the Brahmacaris cannot go and beg from door to door, therefore the process which is now adopted by Hansadutta is coming to be very hopeful. But boys who are not engaged in the temple service during daytime must try to get some money be working or some other way. Without money it is not possible to exist in the material world. Although Krishna is always on the background, still Krishna advised Arjuna that you have to fight, at the same time, remember Me. The same principles we have to follow. We have to work, just like others, and at the same time think of Krishna constantly. Outsiders should be educated to know that we are the most humble service of the human society.

The word __klin__ is significance of the mantras being the root of devotional activities. Krishnyaya, unto Krishna; Govindaya, unto Govinda; Gopijanavallabhaya, unto the Pleasure Reservoir of the damsels of Vraja, and Svaha, offering oblations unto Him. You will get in time the translations of all the mantras.

Yes, we have got all the qualities of the Supersoul. Therefore, unless the Supersoul has got consciousness, how we can have consciousness? We are the samples, therefore the origin must have all the qualities that we have. There is no such thing as acceptance or rejection by the mind of the Supersoul. Our mind is in the present material existence a nonsense. It's business is simply to accept or reject. The Supersoul has no separate mind like that, but He has got mind also, and whatever He thinks in His mind, also, that is a fact. There is no question of accepting or rejecting. In Sanskrit language it is called __Satya Sankalpa.__ And our mind is __Vikalpa.__ The mind, body and the Supersoul is the same Absolute truth, there is no distinction between Them. This is in answer to your question, "is the 'conscience' the symptom of the Supersoul?"

Your question, "could we use alchemy to make gold for Krishna's altar?" but---I could not follow what you mean by using alchemy for Krishna's altar, but if you can make Krishna's sitting place made of gold, either by alchemy or by purchasing gold, it will be a grand success. But I do not advise you take advantage of alchemy for making gold, it it is not certain. We should not waste our time on that which is not very sure. If you can manufacture gold, then we can very soon spread our Krishna Consciousness, but I think Krishna will not give us that opportunity, because as soon as we get large quantity of gold, we forget Krishna. That nature is incumbent in our character.

Yes, those twelve symptoms of the spiritual soul are correct, except for "all-knowing". All-knowing it cannot be, but full of knowledge.

The scientists' anti-matter is different from the anti-matter conception which I discussed in my book, Easy Journey to Other Planets. I think I have explained this by correspondence with Dr. Welk.

Regarding your questions, "how the simpler faith of a real Christian, that is not so advanced in knowledge of the Supreme Person, differs in ecstasy or the end result of God-consciousness," (1) and persons "a devotee who has experienced some ecstasy in the company of Christians suggests that if there be no quantitative or qualitative difference between the two forms of Kirtana, then the simpler philosophy of Christianity has the advantage, and that our philosophy is for the intelligent class of men, true, but of what __advantage__ is such intelligence if the end is the same?" (2) There is no ecstasy in such simple faith; there cannot be any ecstasy. The Christian faith as it is now exhibited, they have simply a faint idea of God as order-supplier. Certainly God is the Origin, Source of all supplies, and either God-conscious persons or demons, everybody is enjoying the general supplies made by God. It is just like a rich father maintains all kinds of children; some of them may be a highly qualified, some of them are rascals. The father does not mind whether a child is rascal or qualified, but out of his love for all of them he supplies the essentials for the children. Out of such many children, if someone of them feels grateful to the father, and thus develops love for the father, as it is expected, his position is better than the other children. And the father is also endeared to such a devoted child. Similarly, God is equal to everyone, but one who developed love of Godhead, and has practically employed oneself in the service of the Lord, he is in real touch and favor of the Lord. That is the difference. (2) We want ecstasy, it does not matter one feels it in Christian church or in other church. But, one who feels ecstasy in Krishna Consciousness or God-consciousness, he finishes his ecstasy in material enjoyment---that is the test. One cannot say he is feeling enjoyment---that is the test. One cannot say he is feeling ecstasy in some company, and at the same time, he is trying to take advantage of material sense gratification. This is not possible. This ecstasy doesn't depend on the intelligence or non-intelligence; it is spontaneous response, without any cause. If one is fortunate to have such ecstasy, it is to be understood that his life is successful. We do not advocate any sectarian religion. We are concerned to invoke our dormant love for God. Any method that helps us in reaching such platform is welcome, but we find practically that by chanting Hare Krishna, many students have come to the platform of ecstasy. But we have hardly found anyone to come to that stage simply by following the religious rituals; that is the difference. So, Krishna Consciousness is meant for the most intelligent class of men.

Your question, "if in the Vaikunthas ecstatic love between Lord Narayana and His devotees and Lord Krishna Consciousness and His devotees on Krishna Loka is qualitatively the same, then what is the advantage of following the path of Krishna Consciousness, whose philosophy austerity is difficult to understand?" Krishna Consciousness philosophy includes the whole Vaisnava philosophy. When we speak Krishna, the very Word means, Rama, Nrsimha, Varaha, and all other similar expansions and incarnations. So Krishna Consciousness includes Vaikuntha consciousness, but Vaikuntha consciousness does not include Krishna Consciousness. Those who are strictly following the rules and regulations of Vaisnava activities, they are promoted to Vaikuntha lokas. But those who have developed a spontaneous love for Krishna, they are promoted to the Krishna Loka. Therefore, although Krishna Consciousness includes Vaikuntha consciousness, pure Krishna Consciousness is spontaneous love for Krishna without any regulative principles. The idea can be explained that a young boy or a young girl are spontaneously attracted, without following any regulative principles previously. When one develops such spontaneous love for God, that is called pure Krishna Consciousness. In our conditioned life, we have forgotten our relationship with God, but by regulative principles, we can make alert the inert activities. Just like a rheumatic crippled man is gradually elevated by some bodily exercises. Similarly, the regulative principles are to make us habituated to our dormant service attitude, but when that is mature, it becomes spontaneous, and that is pure Krishna Consciousness. And such highly elevated Consciousness makes one eligible to enter into the Krishna Loka. The living example for much spontaneous love are exhibited by the Gopis and inhabitants of Vrindaban. We can learn this from Srimad-Bhagavatam how much they love Krishna spontaneously.

Your question, "what is the relationship of sweethearts in Vaikuntha to each other and to Lord Narayana? Is conjugal love, parental affection, and unalloyed friendship there in the Vaikunthas?" No. In Vaikuntha there are two kinds of transcendental mellows, dasya and the lower half of sakya rasa. The lower half of sakhya means friendship in adoration. And the higher half of sakhya rasa is friendship on equal level. So in Vrindaban the reciprocation of transcendental humor is higher than in Vaikuntha. It is there more free and spontaneous without any restriction arranged by yogamaya principle.

Yes, other slokas in the Sastra that refer directly to chanting the Holy Names of God as the Yuga Dharma are mentioned, in Agnipurana, Kali Santara Upanisad, and many other scriptures.

Yes, please decorate the temple with as many pictures as possible. And Jadurani is very kind and liberal to supply us pictures. She is never tired of painting, and that makes her increased in Krishna Consciousness.

Hoping you are well, and thanking you once more for your nice letter,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
