~~Title: Letter to: Syamasundara — July 15, 1968~~
~~bc: Syamasundara — July 15, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Syamasundara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Syamasundara
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-07-15
showdate_hidden  : 2020-07-15
To_letters       : Syamasundara
Date_letter      : July 15
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

San Francisco

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter with thanks, dated July 8, 1968, and I must say that the Rathayatra festival was so successful for your diligent labor only. If you would not have constructed such a nice ratha (car) in such a short time, it would not have been possible to perform the grand festival. By Krishna's Grace you have got the talent of carpentermanship, and you have fully utilized your energy in the service of Krishna. You have carved so many Jagannatha Murtis, and the car also, so Krishna must have been very much satisfied with your service. Srimad-Bhagavatam says that the highest perfectional stage of everyone's talent is to satisfy the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Hari, by his craftsmanship, scientific knowledge, philosophical research, or similar any other energy. Please continue this attitude of service and success of life is assured for you. I have learned the description of the Rathayatra festival verbally from so many persons who came to see me from San Francisco, and I have received the photo album from Gurudasa. But I have not received any newspaper clippings, which I am very much anxious to see.

I am so glad to learn that Miss Sarasvati devi is doing very well with her good parents. Please bring her up nicely in Krishna Consciousness and that is the duty of responsible parents.

Regarding London-yatra: (like Rathayatra---yatra means travel.) I am contemplating of forming the following party: yourself and your wife, Mukunda and his wife, Gaurasundara and his wife, Hansadutta and his wife, Pradyumna and Upendra. Maybe we may have to change later on a little bit, but this is my contemplation. Now, I do not know how to make this program fruitful. Here I have gotten some encouragement by recent Kirtana performances in the Expo. For two days they have paid us $300.00, and maybe they will be required to perform Kirtana for a few days more. Similarly I have got one encouraging letter from San Francisco written by Tamala Krishna, that there is good collection in the Kirtana performances led by Mukunda. I have asked Hansadutta to open correspondence with you to make plans how to go to London. I understand that he has got already 15 to 16 hundred dollars in this account. The thing is that 12 to 15 heads will have to go there. First of all we have to accommodate ourselves in a nice place. And I am so glad you have already written to Anapurna's father, and as soon as some plan is fixed up, we start immediately. It may be that we may not wait even up to the end of August. My special instruction to you all is that you practice Sankirtana very rhythmically and in a responsive way. That means one should chant first, and others should follow him. That is a very nice system. I understand from Gurudasa that you had some meeting amongst yourselves to chalk out the plan and I shall be glad to know what plan you have made, as he has mentioned this meeting in his letter, which I am replying herewith.

Please convey my blessings to your good wife Malati, and to your new daughter, Miss Sarasvati devi. And I hope you are all doing well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
