---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Acyutananda, Jayagovinda — August 21, 1968",
    "h1":"Acyutananda, Jayagovinda — August 21, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Acyutananda, Jayagovinda — August 21, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Acyutananda, Jayagovinda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Acyutananda, Jayagovinda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-08-21
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-21
To_letters       : Acyutananda, Jayagovinda
Date_letter      : August 21
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

Dear Acyutananda and Jaya Govinda,

Please accept my blessings. I have received so many letters from both of you and I am replying today summarily, especially your joint letter dated July 27, 1968, and Jaya Govinda's letter dated August 19, 1968. The first thing, I warn Acyutananda, do not try to initiate. You are not in a proper position now to initiate anyone. Besides that, the etiquette is that so long the Spiritual Master is present, all prospective disciples should be brought to him. Therefore if anyone is anxious to be initiated, he should first of all hear our philosophy and join chanting at least for three months, and then if required, I shall send chanted beads for him if you recommend. As we are doing here. Don't be allured by such maya. I am training you all to become future Spiritual Masters, but do not be in a hurry. If the family of the boy who is so eager to be initiated certainly, are Vaisnavas, let them offer you some place, because you are in need of a place, first and foremost. In that place hold Kirtana daily, morning and evening, as we do, that will be the sign of their sincerity. So for the time being, hold Kirtana. as I have advised above, and speak from Srimad-Bhagavatam, Bhagavad-gita, and try to serve the cause of the Krishna Consciousness society. You don't be attracted by such cheap disciples immediately. One has to rise gradually by service. If you get a place in Patel Nagar, that will be very nice.

Regarding printing: I have received one letter from the New O.D. Press. He is agreeable to print my books, as I have already advised him, with new types, and everything, desired by me. I understand that you also saw the proprietor and you might have talked with him. He wants some money immediately for purchasing new type. But I do not find anything in your letter whether it has been deposited by Hitsaranji into my bank. In every letter I see there is promise, but in no letter do I find any news that the money is already deposited. If the money is not immediately deposited, how can I pay to the New O.D. Press and begin printing work?? Please immediately arrange for depositing the money by Hitsaranji in the bank so that I can issue check in favor of the New O.D. Press. This is __very urgent,__ and let me know by return of post the result.

The next important thing is that if you both, both of you, jointly work, then our mission in India will be successful. Now so far printing of the books, let me know whether you can take charge of doing this work nicely. You can see also the following gentleman who is also a devotee of my activities, and you can show him this letter whether he can spart a room for your stay to supervise the printing work: Gopala Krishna Babu; c/o Bhananull Gulzari Lal; Iron Merchants; Chauri Basar; Delhi-6, India. It is near the O.D. Press, and if he agrees it will be a very nice thing for you.

Regarding gramophone records: When I was in India, Acyutananda knows that my record player was stolen. But when we went to Calcutta, one gentleman loaned us his record player machine, and it was nicely played. This is known to Acyutananda. This means that our record was played in another gentleman's machine. So there is no difficulty to play the records in Indian machine.

Now the summary is that you should definitely let me know immediately whether you can take charge of the printing works, whether you can distribute or sell the records, and whether in exchange of the records you can send me the Deities. These services are most important. Don't be allured by cheap disciples. Go on steadfastly to render service first. If you immediately become Guru, then the service activities will be stopped; and as there are many cheap gurus and cheap disciples, without any substantial knowledge, and manufacturing new sampradayas, and with service activities stopped, and all spiritual progress choked up. You have already mentioned one such non-bona fide sampradaya, Jaya Krishna Sampradaya. So let me know immediately what you are going to do, in respect to my above three important businesses entrusted to you. Jaya Govinda, you may know that I have already instructed Brahmananda to issue a letter of guarantee in your favor as you have desired. Please continue to send me one letter every week, on Saturday, and this will facilitate our connection in a regular routine work. Hope you are both well,

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
