---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — August 22, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — August 22, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — August 22, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-08-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-22
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : August 22
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you very much for your note along with the paperback cover of the Bhagavad-gita as it is. And I have very much appreciated the whole thing. The design and the painting and everything. So far Swami Bhaktivedanta, it is not very important thing. The Swami title can be given, in the beginning or in the end, that doesn't matter. So you need not be very much worried about it. So far my name being inserted just on the left hand of the Lord, is also very much appreciated. It is not exactly on the Head, but it is on the left Arm, so we are Arms of the Lord, because we are fighting against the influence of Maya, or the non-devotees. Actually we the Krishna Conscious people are soldiers of the Lord, or Arms of the Lord, and because we are energy at the same time, because all living entities are energy of the Lord, so energy is always kept on the left side. As you have seen, Radharani is also on the left side of the Lord, and similarly, Laksmiji is also kept on the left side of the Lord, so we are also marginal energy, not exactly like Radharani or Laksmiji, but we are superior energy than matter, or material energy, so we should keep ourself always on the left side of the Lord, and let us act as His Arms, or army. I've also noted with pleasure this description of the jacket for the hardbound edition, and I understand that my photo will be there and it will be sold at $6.95. And you are expecting advance copies by the end of October.

At last in this connection, I must offer you my heartiest blessing because it is due to your endeavor that we are finding our Bhagavad-gita to be published by a great publisher. And through your grace also we are going to publish Teachings of Lord Caitanya. So I shall be glad to know what is the position with Dai Nippon. As soon as you ask me I shall send them the letter of credit. Another thing, in India, it is the practice that if we give orders for one thousand copies printing, they print 1,100 copies. It is 100 copies they print without any charges. Of course, in India the process is, the paper is supplied by the customer, and the press prints a hundred copies more without any charge. I do not know if this arrangement is also applicable to the Japanese printers, but anyway, as soon as I hear from you I shall arrange for the letter of credit.

Regarding your letter dated 18th August, 1968, in which you have described about the Radha Krishna Pastimes, I could not understand whether it is a film demonstration, but the description is very nice. So does it mean that a film has been taken of this demonstration? I shall be glad to know further about it.

Hoping you are all well, and I remain,

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I have received Ekayani Dasi's letter. Please convey by thanks for her parts.

Radhastami is on the 31st August 1968.

Please inform Syamasundara that I have sent yesterday afternoon $1655.00 Dollars to the Bank in London as desired by him.
