~~Title: Letter to: Aniruddha — August 24, 1968~~
~~bc: Aniruddha — August 24, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Aniruddha ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Aniruddha
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-08-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-24
To_letters       : Aniruddha
Date_letter      : August 24
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Aniruddha,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your three letters, dated August 19, August 13, and July 25. I beg to thank you very much for them. After the postal strike is over, there are so many letters congested and therefore, I am sorry that I am late to reply your letter. But I have carefully seen the contents of the three letters and I understand that you are moving near Hollywood vicinity, and some of the devotees from San Francisco are going to your place to join Sankirtana and I am sure this will be a great successful attempt. I also understand that Sankarsana is coming to the temple, but Baladeva. has ceased to come on account of influence of his wife. But if you let me know his address, I can write to him personally.

In the Bhagavad-gita, it is said that even a very small attempt in the path of Krishna Consciousness can save one from the greatest danger. Krishna Consciousness is spiritual consciousness, and whatever is achieved in the matter of realization of this spiritual progress, will never go in vain. The fact is that there are two kinds of consciousness: Krishna Consciousness, and non-Krishna Consciousness. A man may perform Krishna Consciousness to a certain percentage, and another man may perform Krishna Consciousness to greater percentage or cent per cent progress. So those who are not able to perform the cent per cent progress, they have to remain in the material world, but according to the percentage of progress, they are allowed to take their next birth either in a rich family or in a very pure family; in both the cases, one is given the chance to have human form of life so that one can make progress from the point where he ended in his last life. The best thing is that every intelligent man must try to finish this business of Krishna Consciousness in this life. Finishing means one has to conclude that he has no more any necessity for material enjoyment. Spiritual enjoyment of life is the reality, and when one is perfectly prepared to accept spiritual enjoyment, and completely understands the uselessness of material enjoyment, that is the perfectional point of view.

I received letters from Dayananda, and Nandarani, and I am going to reply them separately. Our Bhagavad-gita as it is, which is being published by MacMillan company will be ready by the end of October 1968, and I think Teachings of Lord Caitanya also will be ready by that time. So if Sankarsana can help us in selling our books, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Bhagavad-gita, Teachings of Lord Caitanya, it will be a great service to the society. The status of Back To Godhead is certainly improving, and I hope it will improve more and more, and two boys, namely Advaita and Uddhava, they are working in a press, and as soon as they are confident that they are competent to run on a press, we shall start our own press at any place. You will also be glad to know that Hayagriva Brahmacari has taken a 99 year's lease on a very large plot of land about 134 acres, for constructing New Vrindaban. So Krishna is giving us gradually facilities to make progress in Krishna Consciousness, and if we work sincerely, there will be no scarcity of help in every respect. I have received the copy of the initiated disciples of the society.

Chanting in the park and on the street is our new movement and it is successful. It has become successful in San Francisco, in New York, as well as in Montreal. So if we adopt this means in Los Angeles, I am sure it will also become successful. In San Francisco, I understand the Kirtana party collects sometimes up to $40.00 daily, and Montreal, the other day, Hansadutta collected $24.00, similarly I hear from Boston, they are also making good collection. So if you can organize this Sankirtana party chanting in the parks and in the street, with permit from the authorities, there will be no scarcity of money, and people will be very glad to contribute.

The more we struggle for advancing our Krishna Consciousness movement, the more we become advanced on the path. Really, devotional service means that we have to employ our energies for the purpose of Krishna Consciousness, and it does not matter what is the volume of such energy, because different persons have got different type of energies, but the best means is that one has to apply his energy as far as possible, that is the secret of success in Krishna Consciousness. It does not mean that one has to acquire the energy of an elephant or one has to become very learned or intelligent man, simply one has to become sincere and employ whatever energy he has in his possession in the service of the Lord. That is the secret of success in Krishna Consciousness.

Hope this will meet you in good health, and I shall be glad to hear more from you about the progress of your Sankirtana movement recently adopted.

Yours ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
