~~Title: Letter to: Kirtanananda, Hayagriva — August 23, 1968~~
~~bc: Kirtanananda, Hayagriva — August 23, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda, Hayagriva ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kirtanananda, Hayagriva
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-08-23
showdate_hidden  : 2021-08-23
To_letters       : Kirtanananda, Hayagriva
Date_letter      : August 23
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

Jaya Om Visnupada Paramahamsa Parivrajakacarya Astottara Sata\\
(108) Srimad Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Goswami Prabhupada Ki Jaya\\
Namah Om Visnupadaya Krsnapresthaya Bhutale\\
Srimate Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Iti Namine\\
Jaya Sriman Hayagriva Brahmacari Prabhu Ki Jaya\\
Jaya Sriman Kirtanananda Swami Maharaja Ki Jaya\\
My Dear Kirtanananda and Hayagriva,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 20, 1968, and was so much pleased to read the contents carefully. Now I can understand clearly the mining position; anyway, as it is clear to everyone of us, now we can work with great enthusiasm for constructing a New Vrindaban in the United States of America. People who came from Europe to this part of the world, they named so many new provinces, and countries, just like New England, New Amsterdam, New York, so I also came in this part of the world to preach Krishna Consciousness and by His Grace and by your endeavor, New Vrindaban is being constructed. That is my great happiness. Our sincere endeavor in the service of the Lord, and the Lord's assistants, to make our progressive march successful, are two important things to be followed in spiritual advancement of life. I think it was Krishna's desire that this New Vrindaban scheme should be taken up by us, and now He has given us a great opportunity to serve Him in this scheme. So let us do it sincerely and all other help will come automatically. I am very glad to notice in Kirtanananda's letter that he has realized more and more that the function of New Vrindaban is nothing physical or bodily, but purely spiritual and for the glorification of the Lord, Sri Hari. If we actually keep this view in our front, certainly we shall be successful in our progressive march.

I am very glad to learn, Kirtanananda, you are feeling so much happy in serving a beautiful Jagannatha Murtis which you have taken from Montreal. The aratrik ceremony can be performed as follows: The first aratrik ceremony is performed as you have seen in Vrindaban, at Radha Damodara Temple, early in the morning, before sunrise, at least one and a half hour before sunrise. The second aratrik is performed at about 8:00 in the morning, after dressing and decorating the Deity with flowers. The third aratrik is performed after offering the luncheon to the Deity. And then the fourth aratrik is performed in the evening. And the fifth aratrik is performed when the Lord goes to bed. So you have got practical experience, you have seen how they are doing in Radha Damodara Temple, and gradually, as far as possible, you can introduce them. Jagannatha Swami is very kind to the fallen souls, because He is the Lord of the Universe, and all the living creatures are His subjects, therefore, Jagannatha Swami will bless you with all the required intelligence, how to satisfy Him. On the bathing ghats in India, generally, they install Lord Siva's Murti, but that is not possible here, neither we want to divert attention in so many performances. Concentrate in one temple, and then we shall extend one after another. Immediately the scheme should be to have a temple in the center as you have already taken the plan, and residential quarter for the Brahmacaris, or Grhasthas, and let us go ahead with that plan at first.

Our next attempt should be to establish a New Vrindaban post office at our door, and if you can arrange for this. I think to establish a post office nearby it will be required that you get some letters from all centers. So this will not be difficult if that is the rule. First of all you know from authorities what is the paraphernalia, rules, to get a post office, then we shall advise all our centers to send you letters, at least 6 or one dozen from each center, and this will be sufficient to give proof that we are getting letters plenty.

The scheme regarding the will of Hayagriva Brahmacari, as well as the lease agreement between the society and Hayagriva Brahmacari, the tax payment, all this scheme are very nicely made, and I have got all my approval and so far the trustees are concerned, this is also required, and I can suggest that amongst the trustees, your two names, Kirtanananda and Hayagriva, and then Brahmananda, and from San Francisco Jayananda, and Mukunda, and Satsvarupa, Dayananda, Syamasundara, etc. and such sincere boys, who are working with their life and soul for the society, may be the trustees, and I think you should immediately make correspondence with Brahmananda, and I have already advised him that we should make a central committee for management of all the centers. Or, if especially for New Vrindaban, different trustees required, that I cannot say. In my idea, there should be one central body of trustees for directing all the different centers as well as New Vrindaban, but there must be a local governing body for each center, that is my idea. Now you are consulting with some lawyers, you can take their suggestion also, but do everything very nicely so that we can serve Krishna without any difficulty.

Regarding Bhagavat edition: I have already decided that we must have a press. But it is understood that starting of press in New Vrindaban may not be very feasible, because if there is something wrong in the press, it will be difficult to repair it. Advaita, he is now working in some press for becoming our future press expert in running on the press. Advaita, Uddhava, both of them are working. And I have already advised that as soon as they assure that they can manage a press working, we shall immediately start the press.

Regarding editing of Bhagavatam: Certainly it will be entrusted to you, because Rayarama is engaged in the Back to Godhead. Hardly he will get some time. So I have decided to print Srimad-Bhagavatam in 12 volumes, naming them differently. I have decided in this way; 1st vol., Creation; 2nd vol., Cosmic Manifestation; 3rd vol., Status quo; 4th vol., Mercy of God; 5th vol., Creative Energy; 6th vol., The Rulers of the Universe; 7th vol., Activities of God; 8th vol., Dissolution; 9th vol., Liberation; 10th vol., Ultimate Goal; 11th vol., General History; 12th vol., The Age of Deterioration.

You told me that you will arrange for the electricity immediately, so as soon as electricity connection is there, I shall go and stay in New Vrindaban for some time. Maybe, Krishna desiring, I may make my headquarters there. Your suggestion that Pondicherry was made famous on account of press work, it is good suggestion and my Guru Maharaja's opinion is that press is the __brihat mrdanga,__ or the biggest, or the greater mrdanga. The sound of press goes long long distance, long distant places, so the organization of press and literature and public sales, should be our main business.

The San Francisco devotees are in New York, and so you may not send the Caitanya lila just now, better you finish it nicely. Then we shall see what to do.

Yes, Rayarama is trying his heart and soul to improve the quality of Back To Godhead, so this department should be exclusively managed by him, he has devoted his everything for this Back To Godhead department. I have asked also Janardana to join the editorial department of publication, and he will do translation work in French, of all our literatures, and similarly Syamasundara may help in translating all the literatures in Germany, and I am arranging to take the mimeograph machine from New York, into Montreal, so that Janardana and other boy, Dayala Nitai, who is French Canadian, they can immediately issue, a French edition of Back To Godhead.

I am so pleased to learn that Kirtanananda, you have already attracted neighboring devotees by your presentation of Prasadam. I am sure this Prasadam attraction will make our neighbors friendly and surely they will come in number in future so that New Vrindaban will be ideal place for visiting from the neighboring provinces, counties, I think so and it will be done nicely. I am so glad to learn that you are feeling too much engagement in New Vrindaban, and this a spiritual inspiration. Our society should never be a devil's workshop, but it should be certainly the most magnificent platform for spiritual activities.

You will be pleased also to know that I am trying for religious minister's immigration visa in USA, and it is almost finished, and I am hopeful of becoming successful. Hope this will meet you all in good health, and complete Krishna Consciousness,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. The goat can be named __Revachhagai,__ and the cow can be named as __Surabhigai.__ Also you will be pleased to note that I've asked Gaurasundara to make a layout of the whole land and I shall place 7 different temples in different situation, as prototype of Vrindaban. There will be seven principle temples, namely, Govinda, Gopinatha, Madana Mohana, Syamasundara, Radha Ramana, Radha Damodara, and Gokulananda. Of course in Vrindaban, there are about more or less, big and small, about 5,000 temples; that is a far distant scheme. But immediately, we shall take up constructing at least 7 temples in different situations, meadows and buildings. So I am trying to make a plan out of the description of the plot of our leased land. And the hilly portions may be name as Govardhana. Govardhana-side, the pasturing grounds for the cows may be allotted.

N.B. Hansadutta is performing kirtana in the park, and yesterday he collected 24 dollars. There is some picture in the paper and I am sending one herewith.
