~~Title: Letter to: Sacisuta — August 19, 1968~~
~~bc: Sacisuta — August 19, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Sacisuta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sacisuta
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-08-19
showdate_hidden  : 2021-08-19
To_letters       : Sacisuta
Date_letter      : August 19
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Montreal
----

My dear Sacisuta,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 9, 1968, and I can understand your problem.

The principle to be followed by devotee is clear and nice. It is stated in the Bhagavatam, that one should be chanting the Hare Krishna mantra in such a nice way that he shall become completely disassociated with any other contamination. That should be our point of view. Of course, that stage of reaching requires much time, still we should try to do it. So if you decide to stay in some place, with determination, without looking to the circumstances and concentrating your energy in the service of Lord Krishna, that will make you steadfast. Anyway, as you have returned from Los Angeles, and you are asking my advice to go somewhere else. I may inform you, of course Rupanuga's association is very good, and you want to go to Buffalo, but instead of going to Buffalo, if you can go to Boston and help Satsvarupa because he requires the assistance of a man like you, as he suggested in his previous letter, so if you have no any previous objection, then instead of going to Buffalo, you can go to Boston. That is my advice. But I have no objection if you go to Buffalo. But wherever you may go, the point should be that our main business is service to Krishna and awkward circumstances may happen anywhere, and we should be able to hold up to all such circumstances, steadfastly we will go on with our business of service to Lord Krishna.

The Boston center is also very important, because there are many students and Boston is educational center, especially there are so many universities so if you concentrate your energy and can organize the student community to understand our philosophy it will be a great service. Fortunately, in our movement the youngsters are attracted. And in your country, I have studied it thoroughly, that the younger generation is looking after some sort of new engagement, and they are not very much interested in the materialistic way as America is professing. This is very natural. When one person, or one community, makes such improvement in material advancement the next stage is the spiritual inquiry. So I have felt the pulse of your country, not of your country, but throughout the whole western world, and younger generation, they are in need of this Krishna Consciousness movement. And I am therefore sending a branch to Europe, beginning from London, and so you are very intelligent boy, and Satsvarupa is also very intelligent boy, and if you organize the students to attract them to this movement, it will be great service to your country, and to the cause of Lord Krishna. I hope with faith and dexterity, you will do the needful, and I shall be glad to hear from you occasionally. Hope this will find you all right.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
