~~Title: Letter to: Sivananda — September 18, 1968~~
~~bc: Sivananda — September 18, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Sivananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sivananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-09-18
showdate_hidden  : 2021-09-18
To_letters       : Sivananda
Date_letter      : September 18
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

Berlin

My dear Sivananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated Sept. 16, 1968, and although it is a bit of a long letter, but is so nice to read. Regarding the lease making: I think you are right when you wish to take the apartment at least for 3 years. This is all good. I can understand from your description as it was made formerly, and in this letter also, that it is clear that the place is destined for our temple, and you can immediately take it on lease. In your center, there will be at least 5 members of our society: your good self, Krishna das, Uttama Sloka, and I am asking Acyutananda and Jaya Govinda to come there, to return from India, and to join you. Uttama Sloka is a good German scholar, and if you all learn German and French, which will be easier for you than to learn any Indian language, and Berlin will be the center of our preaching work in central Europe. You are a sincere devotee and Krishna will give you timely all good intelligence in this connection. Now please try to organize as quickly as possible.

Regarding collecting fund: The Brahmacaris, Vanaprastha, and Sannyasis are not supposed to earn money like Grhasthas. The Grhasthas or the householders can engage himself in earning money, either by accepting job or some professional work. But a Brahmacari, Vanaprastha, and Sannyasi is supposed only to depend on Krishna and beg from the Grhasthas. The same system can be followed if it is possible. You are completely right when you think that if by begging alms we can provide ourself, we should not accept any job. So far I can understand from the indication in your letter, that if you form a party of Sankirtana, and walk in the street, I think you can get not less than 50 to 100 marks daily. If five or six men who are sympathetic to you and as some of them has already assured that you can count upon them, the best thing will be to form a __local trust party,__ including those gentlemen and yourself, of 12 heads, and immediately start your work. In the meantime, we shall have our book, Bhagavad-gita as it is, and Teachings of Lord Caitanya, ready. That will sell also.

You are right that you propose to travel because you are alone. But there is an Indian proverb: that you can earn $12 by travelling, but you can earn $13 by sitting, provided you know how to sit in a place. The same principle can be applied in this connection. Certainly you can preach well by travelling, as I also came in your country, but since I sat at 26 Second Avenue, in July 1966, the society has developed to its present shape. I came here in your country in Sept. 1965, and because I could not sit down at a nice place until July 1966, I could not do very well in the matter of preaching work. So anyway, your travelling was not at all disturbing to me, but Krishna has given us good chance to open a nice center now. Please utilize this opportunity. I shall very soon write to your mother, and I hope very soon your dream of a religious congress in Berlin, sponsored by the Krishna Consciousness society, will be fulfilled. I am asking immediately Acyutananda to return from India to Germany, to you, and you can immediately arrange for the place and let me know.

Krishna das has already given notice to his present employer for quitting, and he is expected to start by the next Wednesday, Sept. 25, 1968, via New York, and he will take with him mrdanga and karatala. And whatever you need, you can send a letter to Brahmananda immediately, and Brahmananda will prepare it, and Krishna das will carry it with him to Germany.

Hope you are well, and please keep me informed at least once in a week.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Now you can know why Krishna didn't like you to enter London!\\
P.S. In London they are also doing well. Our London temporary address is as follows:

Mukunda das Adhikari

80, Herne Hill

London S.E. 24

England
