---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yamuna — September 23, 1968",
    "h1":"Yamuna — September 23, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Yamuna — September 23, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-09-23
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-23
To_letters       : Yamuna
Date_letter      : September 23
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Sept. 15, 1968, Sept. 21, along with the nice news clipping, and I am so glad to note your feelings of Krishna Consciousness gradually increasing. It is all Krishna's Mercy upon you for your sincere mode of service; please keep this attitude and you will be happy more and more.

Regarding the lost certificate paper: I understand from Govinda devi that you have got it back. Please print it nicely.

I have received one letter from Mukunda that your preaching work is going on nicely, and so it is also confirmed by you. I shall be glad to know how you're meeting in the Hindu center, and how the meetings are being carried successfully. These people might be impersonalists, so far I can understand from the handbill, but still, we can perform Kirtana in any place. It does not matter what they are. By our Kirtana process we have to influence others.

Now I am thinking of Kirtana with slides. If I get opportunity to prepare some nice slides from Srimad-Bhagavatam and make tape records on the prayers offered to the Deity in the slide, as well as explain the whole slide in English, all tape recorded, this will be very nice idea. I shall be glad to know your opinion also.

Since I received letter in San Francisco, I have come here to Seattle, and on Saturday last, the 21st instant. And the report is that in this place, our preaching of Krishna Consciousness has a great potency. So I shall begin my classes today. And they have arranged some lectures also. Let me see what will happen.

I do not know whether you are in receipt of the bank money which I have sent from Montreal, for credit of account with Syamasundara at Charter Bank. So I have written to the bank, to the Montreal bank, to take information, and shall be glad whether you have received the money or not. In case you have not received, take one letter from the Charter Bank and send it to me.

You will be glad to know our disciple Sriman Dinesh is preparing another record, Cintamani Prakara Sadmasu, and other songs and speeches, 20 min. each side. And it will come out very soon. Regarding our former records, if you want we can send you for selling there. Hope this will find you all in good health. And awaiting your further letters about preaching work.

Yours ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
