~~Title: Letter to: Satsvarupa — September 28, 1968~~
~~bc: Satsvarupa — September 28, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-09-28
showdate_hidden  : 2020-09-28
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : September 28
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. This is to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated September 24, 1968, and I am so pleased that Devananda is doing marvelous work in propagating our Krishna Consciousness movement by lecturing in the Boston University, and he is being paid $25 per lecture. It is a great credit for me also. And I feel proud that Devananda is so nicely representing my views. By Krishna's Grace, everything is gradually coming to the fulfillment of my dream. The Sankirtana party is walking in the streets and is getting good response, from the public. They are selling Back To Godhead nicely, and getting good sympathy from the public by considerable collections. We are not after collecting money, but when people offer something out of love and sympathy for our mission, it becomes a great asset. I am sure if you all my beloved disciples combined together try to preach Krishna Consciousness in this spirit, Krishna will give the necessary strength. By the Grace of Krishna and the Spiritual Master, the dumb man can speak like a great orator, and a lame man can cross over a great mountain. So we must have the necessary unflinching faith in Krishna and Spiritual Master, and the strength will be supplied by Krishna. After all, anything which we experience is but a fraction of the unlimited energy of Krishna. And even by fragmental touch of such spiritual energy of the Lord, we can make our life successful.

Regarding yourself and Jadurani: You are both very sincere servitors to the cause of Krishna, and Krishna will give you necessary intelligence how to behave with one another. I am glad to learn that the girls under the guidance of Jadurani are doing nice painting work, and I am very much inclined to have many many Sankirtana pictures painted like the one which was in your Boston temple, on the wall, while I was there. I have one photograph of this picture and it is so nice that I feel my joys unlimited. (See enclosed sketch for identifying the exact painting I am speaking of). Our Madhavilata is also a good artist. She is painting a very nice picture of Radha Krishna seated on a swing. But she is a little independent spirited, and wants to wander with me. Anyway, she is a sincere good soul, and let her do the work in her own way. But it is a good asset for her that she has attraction to hear me. That will make her all right in the due course of time, and it may be that she will also come out a great painting assistant in our society.

I am sending herewith the certificate required by you, and I hope Krishna will help you in your desire to get more help for your executive function.

Enclosed please find also one letter of thanks for Devananda which please deliver to him with my blessings. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

I am a little perturbed by hearing about your accident, but I am sure Krishna will help you in your sincere service. I am glad to learn that Jadurani is improving in her health, and I shall always pray to Krishna for her health and prolonged life.
