---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tosana Krsna — October 7, 1968",
    "h1":"Tosana Krsna — October 7, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Tosana Krsna — October 7, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tosana Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tosana Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-07
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-07
To_letters       : Tosana Krsna
Date_letter      : October 7
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Tosana Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I was in due receipt of your letter dated Sept. 30, 1968, but for want of time I could not reply earlier. I am pleased to learn that you are finding association with Subala very nice, because he is a sincere devotee of Krishna. Certainly you will find a good association.

Regarding your question about this planet and Krishna's coming here, you may note that Krishna comes within this universe once in one day of Brahma. Duration of Brahma's day is very very long, it is stated in the Bhagavad-gita---432 crores of years forms the duration of 12 hours of Brahma's day. And similarly, there are 12 hours of night, so after 864 crores of years, Krishna comes in this universe, and whenever He comes, He of course, appears on this planet, that is the fortune of the people of this planet. We should know very clearly that Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead. He is neither Indian nor American, as much as the sun is neither Indian nor American. The original name of this planet is called Bharatavarsa, and before that it was known as Ilavrtavarsa. Now since the day of Emperor Bharata, this planet is know as Bharatavarsa, but in course of time, the human race divided, therefore we find so many other names. But the original name of this planet is Bharatavarsa, and in the Vedic literature, it is stated that anyone who takes birth on this planet, they are very fortunate. Because it is the special planet where Krishna descends when He comes.

Regarding your proposal to become a doctor, because your mother wants to prosecute your education, I think if you can learn Krishna Consciousness perfectly, by reading our different literatures, and books, you will be a better doctor than the ordinary physician. The ordinary physician may cure the disease of the body, but if you become advanced in Krishna Consciousness, you will be able to cure the disease of the soul for many many persons. And that is more important than a doctor or medical practitioner for curing the disease of this body. However we may be expert for keeping this body fit, it is sure and certain that this will end. But if you can protect the soul from being fallen a victim of this material existence that is a greater service. In some of the Vedic literatures, it is said that __Atmanan Sarvato Rakshet,__ that means one should give first protection to the soul. Then he should take care of his particular type of faith, then he should take care of the material things, namely this body, and anything in relation with this body, or wealth. Please try to read all our books very carefully, and whenever there is any doubt, you ask me, and be expert preacher. That will make you a great doctor for protecting the human society from being fallen a victim to maya. I hope this will meet you in good health,

Yours ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I am sorry I could not mention any activities here in Seattle activities are going very nicely. The Sankirtana party is selling daily 50 to 100 copies of Back To Godhead, and they are collecting 30 to 50 dollars, and the students of the Washington University, they are little bit attracted. I heard that yesterday in the love feast, there were attendance about 20 guests, and so the affairs in this branch is going very well. And I hope that you can also try to advance the cause of the center at Santa Fe. Because Subala may go to New York to help Rayarama in the Back To Godhead activities.

ACB
