~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — November 15, 1968~~
~~bc: Mukunda — November 15, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-15
showdate_hidden  : 2022-10-15
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : November 15
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

London

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters dated Nov. 8, one addressed to Jayananda, and I am pleased to note the contents. So far Mr. George Harrison is concerned, he promised to call Dayananda, but he has not done so. Therefore I think it is not probable to meet him. It doesn't matter, let us grow slowly but surely. Let us try our best to spread this Krishna Consciousness movement with sincerity. And Krishna will give us all facilities. After all, it is Krishna's business. We are simply servitors. Our sincere desire is to serve Him and this is our bona fide position. Krishna says that we should give up all engagements and be seriously in Krishna Consciousness and surrender unto Him. We believe in this philosophy and we try to follow the principles and we instruct others also to follow the same path. That is our bona fide position. We are representative of Krishna because we present Krishna's order as it is. And therefore we are bona fide representative. If somebody inquires whether we are as good as Krishna, the reply is that it does not matter. We may not be as good as Krishna, and that is also not possible anyway. Krishna is great and we are minute particles. So how we can become as good as Krishna. This is false theory of the Mayavada philosophers. But we sincerely serve Krishna, we are sincere servants of His Lordship, and we present things as presented by Krishna, and that is the test of our bona fide position and our bona fide presentation. So don't be worried, do your best and success or failure does not matter. Krishna is absolute, so there is no such thing as success or failure in Krishna Consciousness, or in other words, there is no question of failure in Krishna Consciousness, whatever we do it is success. Whatever one may do in the material world, if he is even Rockefeller, it is all failure, defeat, because it will not exist beyond this body. He does not know that next life I may be dog or cat. But whatever service we can do for Krishna, even if somebody is not able to execute fully Krishna Consciousness, whatever amount of service he does it never goes in vain. It will eternally remain. And it will act. Even somebody does small amount of service, and not even very willingly, still, he is assured to get human body in next birth, and chance to execute some service further. So there is no question of failure in Krishna Consciousness. It is only success. Krishna says, My devotee is never vanquished. So we must try sincerely, that's all.

I hope this meets you in good health, along with Janaki, and Malati and Shyamsundar, and Miss Saraswati. Please continue to keep me informed,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
