~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — October 1, 1968~~
~~bc: Mukunda — October 1, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-01
showdate_hidden  : 2022-10-01
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : October 1
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

London

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am glad to receive your letter dated Sept. 26, 1968, and it is very much pleasing to learn about your nice activities there. I am little concerned about your attempt to form ISKCON Ltd. My idea is that we should not form a separate organization in London. The same International Society for Krishna Consciousness as we have branches in different places in USA, a similar branch may be opened in London or in Germany. The basic principle of our preaching work, methods and management must be the same. I do not know why a separate registration is required. To be more clear, I may say that if the management goes to other hands, then it will be difficult for preaching our principles. Our main principle is Krishna Consciousness on the basis of Bhagavad-gita As It Is, and Lord Caitanya's Teachings. So far different participants in London are concerned, they must agree to our principles or they must follow our principles. You should be careful on this point. We cannot agree to make a mixed up association without any authorized principles. So far as Hindus are concerned, they are not fixed up in one principle. Under the circumstances, do not be misled that because some of the Hindus are taking interest in this movement, they are of the same opinion. You have seen the affairs in Montreal. So my final desire is that whatever you do, you must do it strictly on the principles of our society as we are doing in the US. In the management of the London branch, if the local Englishmen come forward, that is welcome. So far Indians are concerned, there are so many varieties of split-up Hindu society. So I hope you will take necessary precautions in the matter of registering ISKCON Ltd. ISKCON is the short cut of our society's name, but when you actually register the full name, the aims and objectives as they are stated in our prospectus, must be mentioned. Anyway, I am so much pleased that your program of Kirtana and Krishna Consciousness is going on well there although you have not got yet our own temple. Why don't you get Back To Godhead from New York? Here the Sankirtana party, headed by Jayananda and Tamala Krishna is doing very nice. They are collecting an average of $45 daily, as contributions, and selling an average of 100 copies of Back To Godhead. So try to get immediately copies of Back To Godhead from New York and try to sell them in large quantities. That is our backbone. In meantime, our Bhagavad-gita As It Is, and Teachings of Lord Caitanya are also coming out by the end of this month. So Kirtana plus distribution of our books and literature is the basic principle of our success. Even if we do not have our own temple it does not matter, but if we can hold Kirtana 24 hours, and distribute our publications, that is our great success. I have now received one letter from Syamasundara about the bank affairs, and will reply him shortly. I received also one letter from Malati, and one from Yamuna, which are very nice, and I shall reply them in my next. If there is no immediate program of my going to London, then I may go next either to Los Angeles or Boston. Hope this finds you all alright.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta
