~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — October 13, 1968~~
~~bc: Mukunda — October 13, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-13
showdate_hidden  : 2021-10-13
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : October 13
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

London

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 7, 1968. And I have noted the contents carefully. I think the process which you have adopted is quite all right. Now everything is clear to me; you can go on with your procedure. So far the original text of our aims and objects of the society, I have read it and I don't think there is any need of changing the preamble. But so far section of the law is concerned, that has to be altered according to the English law. So do it and execute the document as soon as possible, and I think Krishna is helping you in the proper channel, and as you were the first signatory in the document which was registered in New York, and you shall be the first signatory in the document which is to be registered in England, along with your good wife. So three male members and four Englishmen members, it is nice. I want Englishmen to join more than from the Indian community because they are not fixed up, neither they are very serious about Krishna Consciousness. They are more interested in something else.

In the meantime, I have received one letter from Ginsberg, and he writes to say that he has written to some friend in England, to help you and one of his friends he names, Mr. Tom Driberg, M.P., and he has promised to help you, and sent letter to Mr. Ginsberg. So you will contact him. He is a prominent member, Mr. Tom Driberg, M.P. Mr. Ginsberg says that he can help you in all matters of official and legal implications. So try to meet him as soon as possible, and do the needful.

I hope in the meantime you have received my letter addressed to Syamasundara and I may be going to Vancouver from here for a few days to take my immigration visa. And they have called me on the 25th October, they have called me from Montreal, but I am requesting to dispatch the file to Vancouver and let me see what Krishna desires.

If Anapurna dasi can be included amongst the preliminary floaters, that is very nice. She is English girl, and her mother and father is also interested. So Anapurna is included then we shall have solid four members from our side and gradually we shall do the needful. Similarly, Anapurna's brother also can be included, because he is also interested. He came to our temple, both in New York and San Francisco, so if need be you can call Anapurna from San Francisco immediately. She wrote me letter that she is preparing to go.

In Columbus University, Hayagriva is doing very nicely. He is trying to have classes in the University, and the situation is very hopeful. Similarly, here also the Washington University students, they have taken interest in our movement, and one Christian gentleman, he did not like our men to speak at the University, because University is a secular. But he has been very strongly criticized by the student community.
