---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syama — October 21, 1968",
    "h1":"Syama — October 21, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Syama — October 21, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Syama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Syama
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-21
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-21
To_letters       : Syama
Date_letter      : October 21
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Syama dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter undated, but I am sorry I am late in replying it due to so many letters I have to reply every day, so please excuse me my delay.

Regarding your questions, you want to offer something in the evening to Krishna besides fruit and milk, so there is no harm. Because Krishna can eat as many times as you give Him to eat, because He is unlimited. He can eat unlimitedly, provided we can supply foodstuff unlimitedly. But that is not possible for us. Therefore, we limit the supply. But anyway, if you can increase the offerings it is very nice. But one thing is that whatever you make routine work to offer Him food stuff, that should be continued. Do not change it. So if you can continue to offer foodstuff like fruits and milk in the evening, you can introduce that system. There is no harm. Your second question, ice cream purchased from the market may not be offered. Because such ice cream contains sometimes undesirable things, which we should not offer. We must offer to Krishna only first class prepared foodstuff, especially made at home. We shall try to avoid as far as possible goods purchased from the market and offer to Krishna. Regarding your third question, morning lecture is also allowed. Lecture is also kirtana, and so as morning kirtana is there, similarly morning lecture can also be delivered. In New York , or even in San Francisco, when I was present I was giving lectures in morning also. So far as girls or boys lecturing in the morning, that doesn't make any difference. Either girl or boy devotees may deliver lecture if they choose to do. We have no such distinction of bodily designations, male or female. Krishna Consciousness is on the spiritual platform. As such, anyone who is a devotee of the Lord, following in this line of disciplic succession, can deliver lecture, on the teachings of Bhagavad-gita, Srimad-Bhagavatam, etc.

Regarding your question no. 4, Gayatri mantra means it is chanted by a qualified Brahmin. A devotee of Krishna is understood to have surpassed the stage of becoming qualified Brahmin, so Gayatri mantra can be chanted by qualified Brahmin, and the meaning of Gayatri mantra is Gayat---Gayat means sin, and tri means deliverance. Gayatri. And mantra, man---means mind, tra means deliverance. So the things chanting which one is delivered from the mental platform is called Gayatri mantra, or mantra. So all mantras are like that, but this is the meaning of Gayatri mantra.

I am so grateful for your nice sentiments for me, and Krishna will bless you. I am very poor and I have nothing to return for your loving service, but I can simply pray to Krishna for your gradual advancement in Krishna Consciousness. I think that is the best blessing which we can have in this material existence. Thank you very much for your writing me, and occasionally please try to write such letters whenever you find convenient. I am going to Montreal on the 23rd, and from there I shall go to Santa Fe, and then I shall come back to Los Angeles. Maybe I may go to San Francisco also, or you may come there to see me. Hope this will find you in good health.

Regarding Karnapura's poetry, it is not available now. There is a book of Karnapura, and that is written in Bengali type, partly Sanskrit. When opportunity prevails, we may translate it into English then we shall get the poetry; for the time being there is no possibility of getting the poetry of Karnapura.

Thanking you once more,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
