---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — October 21, 1968",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — October 21, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — October 21, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Krsna dasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-21
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-21
To_letters       : Krsna dasa
Date_letter      : October 21
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 13 Oct., 1968, and I have noted the contents carefully. In the beginning you write to say that you have written at least 3 letters to me, but this is the first time I have received any letter from you. I do not know how they are missing. Anyway, I have also received one letter from Sivananda, it is understood that you are trying your best to secure a place in Hamburg, but still you have not been able to find out. In the meantime, before this, Sivananda wrote me a letter that he has already opened a branch in Berlin. And this news was spread by me to others. Now it is understood that you have changed your idea and you want to open our center in Hamburg. It is nice so far I get information that Hamburg is very more important than Berlin, but if you find difficulty in locating a place for our center in Hamburg, it is better go back to Berlin and take whatever place is available.

To feel separation from the Spiritual Master or Krishna is very good position. That means one who is in pure love with Krishna and His Representative, Spiritual Master, he thinks always of Them. And this thinking process is Krishna consciousness. If we can think always of Krishna even in separation, that is Krishna Consciousness. And in the absolute platform, there is no difference of separation and meeting. The separation is also meeting, rather in separation one relishes the loving relationship more tasty. So don't be disappointed that you are separated from me, I am also always thinking of you how you are making progress there. And I am always expecting your letters that you have already opened a center there, and you are working very nicely.

So far Seattle is concerned, we have opened here a branch about one month past, and it is well established. People have known it and students are coming from the university community, and taking interest. I've gone to the university and delivered lecture. And last Sunday we initiated 3 devotees, and 2 or 3 are still waiting. So this branch is going nicely. And the kirtana party led by Tamala and Jayananda, they are also selling Back to Godhead daily, at least 50 to 75 copies, and collecting money also, average of 40 or 50 dollars daily. So this branch is very nice. I hope I shall hear soon that you are doing the same thing in Hamburg.

In London, although they have not opened a branch, but they are doing kirtana performances daily, twice or thrice, and in the parks, schools, colleges, clubs, society and private houses, so our propaganda is not stopped. So even you have not found out any place at Hamburg, you three together you can chant Hare Krishna kirtana in the same way as they are doing in London and other cities. We are more or less concerned for preaching. It does not matter even if we have got a temple, but if the preaching work goes on that is a great satisfaction. I understand from Sivananda's letters that you are getting engagements in Berlin, but I don't hear that you have got any engagement in Hamburg. So please try to find out some engagement and perform kirtana. You are now three. One can play mrdanga and two can play cymbals and chant nicely, and so even you are not yet found a place, you can go on with your work, ask New York to send you magazines and go on with kirtana. So far your long letter, I am very much pleased to have your long letter. I can see from your writing that you have got capacity to write, this is a great help. You can write articles for Back to Godhead, so writing capacity is not discouraged. And I shall always be glad to receive your long letters.

You can inform Sivananda that I have received his last letter and he has several questions and he wants some letter address. So you can send me the language or the body of the letter which I shall type and sign and send to you

So my request to you is that even though you are unable to find out a suitable place, you can go on with performance of Kirtana and other Kirtana parties are doing. They are doing like this in Seattle, San Francisco, even in Montreal.

Hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Tomorrow I am going to Montreal. From there I will go to Santa Fe on the 27th, stay there for a week and then go to L.A.
