---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Makhanlal — October 21, 1968",
    "h1":"Makhanlal — October 21, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Makhanlal — October 21, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Makhanlal ======

My dear Makhanlal,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter without date, but I am sorry that I am late in replying to your letter. I have received a report of Krishna Devi giving birth to a tiny daughter, and I have already sent my congratulation to her. Krishna has saved her child and herself also, because it is the promise of Krishna that his devotees are always protected by the Lord.

I am very glad to learn that your Sankirtana party in San Francisco is doing very well, and similarly you will be pleased to know that here Sankirtana, led by Jayananda and Tamala Krishna, they are also doing very nice. Average, they are collecting about $50 a day, and selling about 50 to 75 copies of Back to Godhead. Similarly, you also try to sell copies of Back to Godhead. This is propaganda. If we can sell some copies of our publications, books and literature, and we can maintain our establishment, somehow, we shall think it is a great success. We don't want anything more. Neither we want any big bank balance. Our mission is that people should understand their relationship with Krishna, and thus let him become Krishna Consciousness so that he may be relieved from the three-fold miseries of this material existence.

So far crying for Krishna is concerned, it is very nicely explained by Lord Caitanya. He says that a moment is appearing to me as 12 years, and my eyes are tearing torrents of rain, and I am feeling everything vacant in the absence of Govinda. The thing is that as we go on chanting Hare Krishna, in the pure status, we shall be on the loving platform and at that time, we shall feel the greatest separation from the Lord; but that feeling of separation from the Lord is more relishable than meeting the Lord. These are all transcendental existential understandings and as we grow in Krishna Consciousness, we understand everything, gradually, by the Grace of the Supreme Lord. The Supreme Lord is situated in everyone's heart, and He reveals Himself to the devotee with the progress of Krishna Consciousness. Thank you very much for your writing me.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
