~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — October 10, 1968~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — October 10, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-10-10
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-10
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : October 10
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Seattle
----

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings, and offer the same to Himavati and all other boys and girls in the temple. I sent one letter to you on the 1st Oct., but it appears that you have not received it, because there is no mention of this letter. I am therefore enclosing the copy of the letter herewith. I shall be much pleased if you see the house No. 722 Sherbrooke Street. And give me your report in terms of my letter as per copy enclosed herewith. This is very essential.

Regarding the Sikh gentleman's request to use our temple for performing some Sikh religious ceremony: You know that we have refused even the Hindu people to hold demigod worship in our temple, and what to speak of the Sikhs, who are not to the standard of Vedic principle. As a matter of fact, we should not allow anyone to hold any function in our temple, otherwise than Vaisnava principle. In your temple, if your finances condition is going on nicely then there is no need for allowing anyone to hold ceremonies against Vaisnava principle. If anyone wants to hold some function, they should pay to the temple at least $50.00 and we shall prepare Krishna Prasad, offer to the Deity, and as we do generally, and the same Prasad may be distributed to anyone, may he be Hindu, Christian, Sikh, etc. So if Mr. Singh agrees to this principle, then he may pay you the required money to prepare Prasad, which after offering to the Deity, you can hand over to him, and he can offer to Guru Nanak or anyone else, and then you can distribute to the devotees. There cannot be any separate distribution of foodstuff save and except Krishna Prasadam according to our own principles. I understand that you are moving to a separate room because Himavati is feeling inconvenience, but whatever you may do, I have no objection, but the temple now is in your charge. I want to develop the Montreal temple under your supervision. Why Janardana is not writing me letters? Does he come to the temple regularly or not? What about the French edition of Back To Godhead printed in the mimeograph machine which is already there. I am very anxious to know all these items. Please reply me as soon as possible, on all these points. I am enclosing herein one letter to Janardana also, which please hand over to him, and ask him to give me reply as early as possible. I am very much anxious to hear from him.

I am so glad that Krishna is enlivening you in your service attitude. This is the secret of success in Krishna Consciousness---unflinching faith in Krishna and in the Spiritual Master enlightens a devotee in the progressive march of Krishna Consciousness, and keep this attitude, and I am sure Krishna will give you sufficient intelligence to make your life successful.

Diwali ceremony can be observed in the temple by illuminating 100's of candles, in different parts of the temple, and offering special Prasad to the Deity. This ceremony was observed by the inhabitants of Ayodhya, the Kingdom of Lord Ramacandra, while Lord Ramacandra was out of His Kingdom due to His 14 years banishment by the order of His father. His younger step-brother Bharata, took charge of the Kingdom and the day on which Lord Ramacandra took back the charge again from His brother, and seated on the throne, this is observed as Diwali function. This is the original idea of Diwali, and Dipabali. Dipabali means the same thing---Dipa means candles, and bali means numerous. When numerous candles are lighted it is called Dipabali. In India, this Dipabali function is celebrated in a special auspicious occasion. This Dipabali function can be observed on 21st October, and Prasad can be distributed on the 22nd October, during daytime, which is known as Govardhana Puja and Annakuta Ceremony. In India, in all Vaisnava temples, this ceremony is observed and 100's of people are given Prasad according to the capacity of the temple. So I understand that last year the Dipabali Ceremony was held in the temple, and there was collection of $130.00. So you can do the needful.

Hope you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I have received one letter from the Consulate General of the United States of America, letter No. MTL-V-14 (CAN) 10'C, giving me appointment date on October 25, at 9:30 a.m. at Montreal. So in that connection I am enclosing herewith a letter addressed to the Consulate General there. This letter may be personally borne by Janardana, or if he is busy, yourself. And get the papers transferred to their Vancouver Consulate Office, and let me know the result immediately. This is very URGENT, and should be done __immediately.__ Let me know immediately the result of your meeting with the Consulate General, by return of post.

You can see in this connection one young gentleman Mr. Peter R. Jones U.S. Vice-Consul and he will help you.\\
Enclosure 3
