---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dinesh, Krsna Devi — November 19, 1968",
    "h1":"Dinesh, Krsna Devi — November 19, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Dinesh, Krsna Devi — November 19, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dinesh, Krsna Devi ======

My dear Dinesh and Krishna devi,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Nov. 17 and 14, respectively, and I have noted the contents carefully. I understand that Dinesh's present job is very tedious and hampering, but because you are now a family man, you must have some steady income. So unless you find out a better job, how can you give up the present one? We step forward when we understand that the forward step is on a sound basis, then we get on the rear step. Your record and film business is not yet started so there is no certain income. The scheme which you have submitted is very nice and appears to be very practical and sound, and you are also very intelligent. Your idea is also very glorious. You want to serve Krishna with all your energies and intelligence, so I have got all support and approval of this scheme, but until you have got some income, how can I advise you to give up your present job, especially when you are a family man. Of course, if you find it too much tedious, then there is no other alternative but to give up the job and depend on Krishna, and He will do the needful.

Regarding Kallman: The contract is in New York, there in a file, but this Mr. Kallman has failed to abide by the contract. He printed 10,000 copies of the record, but he did not pay a single cent. Although the contract was that he would pay me 15 cents per record. You can consult your father what is the position. I think Mr. Kallman has broken the terms of the contract, but Brahmananda told me that he has taken a letter from Brahmananda adjusting this account. Of course, Brahmananda had no power to adjust this account without my sanction. So you can inquire from Brahmananda what is the position. Otherwise, the contract is already broken. So by joint consultation with your father and Brahmananda you can do the needful. I understand you are coming here by the 23rd instant, and when we meet we shall discuss on this point broadly. But Mr. Kallman is very intriguing. But when he comes before me, he presents himself as a great devotee. So this is the position. But he has not paid me a single cent, that is a fact.

Hope you are all well, and I shall be expecting to see you very soon,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
