~~Title: Letter to: Krsna dasa — November 25, 1968~~
~~bc: Krsna dasa — November 25, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Krsna dasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-11-25
showdate_hidden  : 2021-11-25
To_letters       : Krsna dasa
Date_letter      : November 25
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter of Nov. 14, 1968, and I have noted the contents with great satisfaction. It is all very much encouraging to me. Your humble attitude of service is noteworthy, and this will help you more and more in advancing your Krishna Consciousness.

I am so much pleased to note the address of our new ISKCON RADHA KRISHNA TEMPLE in Hamburg, Germany. Krishna is giving you all facilities for spreading Krishna Consciousness there---good storefront, and good job, and plenty of financial support---so it is very much encouraging to me! It sounds on good street, if train runs down that street, so many people must come there. With such good location it will soon be very successful. And you have very good enthusiasm that you shall make it the most attractive storefront in all Germany, or in the whole universe. Yes, do it nicely.

So far Syamasundara is concerned, if they come, I have no objection. You arrange with them by correspondence, and if they agree to come that is very nice. I think they will agree. So you can make correspondence with Malati and Syamasundara.

I understand you are going to apply for legal recognition of Krishna Consciousness as a bona fide religious organization, and try to obtain a tax franchise also. They have done this in London also, using the same preamble has been registered as we have done in New York, so you can do the same in Hamburg. And I am sending two separate letters, one to the Mayor of Hamburg, and the other to the chief of the police at Hamburg, as drafted by Sivananda Brahmacari.

I am very glad to learn that you are endeavoring to make Hamburg as our central place for European activities. Although London was formerly very important place in Europe, I think at present it is not so. So if we try to centralize our European activities in Hamburg, it will be very nice. I am asking also Acyutananda and Jaya Govinda to come and join with you immediately, and if Syamasundara. also comes, you can all learn German language very nicely with the help of Syamasundara and Uttama Sloka, and preach vigorously this Krishna Consciousness movement in Germany. Our Bhagavad-gita as it is, is now published, and I have got copies of it here. It will sell very nicely, and it is very attractive. So you can ask Brahmananda to send you copies. If you want mrdanga and harmonium, you can immediately order directly from Mssrs. Dwarkin and Son, and refer to our society's name, and they will allow 20% discount. Their address is as follows: Dwarkin & Son Private Ltd.; 8/2 Esplanade East; Calcutta-1, INDIA. I think you can order Dulcetina, model number 30501. This is very nice, and I am using this kind personally. And it is very handy also.

So far Uttama Sloka's draft situation, by the time needed I shall give him certificate for being minister of religion student, as I have given to Kartikeya. And I think when a boy is under religious ministerial order he can be saved. Please inquire about it, and if required, I shall immediately issue him certificate. I am recognized ordained minister of religion, and our society is religious society incorporated, and we are teaching our students to preach religion and theological concept of life.

So, Krishna is so kind that He is giving you all financial facilities also to start the Hamburg center as perfectly as possible. And I shall await your invitation with great interest. And I hope this meets you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,
