---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — December 25, 1968",
    "h1":"Jadurani — December 25, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — December 25, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jadurani ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jadurani
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-12-25
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-25
To_letters       : Jadurani
Date_letter      : December 25
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter without any date. Purusottama says that this is a particular specialty of your letters that you write without any date. I think that you are right, because you are eternal. There is no beginning and no end and your enthusiasm is also eternal. You never get tired of serving Krishna, so I hope you shall eternally be engaged in serving Krishna because there is no end of such service.

I am very glad that you are taking the responsibility of doing pictures for "Krishna", and if Joy Fulcher has already gone there she may help you. The pictures should be paintings and if you prefer, you can make larger paintings so that when they will be printed they can be reduced to the size of the book, 8 1/2" x 11". The tenth canto contains forty chapters about Krishna in Vrindaban, and 50 chapters of Krishna in Dvaraka. So our book will most likely have the firt volume of the forty chapters of Krishna in Vrindaban, with one picture for each chapter. I will now submit my suggestions for the first five pictures.

1. Pregnant Devaki is sitting in a palace room and some glaring effulgence is coming out of her body. Almost near the ceiling of the room, the demigods are surrounding her and praying for the Appearance of Lord Krishna. Some of the demigods are throwing flowers upon her.

2. Devaki is sitting in a different palace room and Visnu with His four hands (conch, club, wheel, lotus) in yellow dress appeared before her. In this scene, Devaki and Vasudeva are bowing down to Lord Visnu and praying.

3. Krishna is lying happily on the lap of Devaki just like He is an ordinary child.

4. Setting of the scene: Vasudeva saw that all of the doors were opened and that the gate-keepers were asleep so he went outside of the house and came to the bank of the Yamuna. He sees that the river is inflated with rainy season water and he thinks, "How shall I cross?" Then he saw a jackal crossing the river and Vasudeva realized that the river was shallow and only up to his ankles. So Vasudeva, holding little Krishna in his arms follows the jackal across the Yamuna River. So this night scene of walking across the river is the fourth picture.

5. Across the Yamuna River, Vasudeva came upon the house of Nanda Maharaja, where Yasoda was lying asleep with her little girl baby. The fifth picture is where Vasudeva exchanges babies with the sleeping Yasoda.

So please do these pictures very beautifully. I am enclosing a photograph of a painting which is in a very nice style that you should also paint your paintings. When you are almost finished with these five paintings then inform me so we may assign you further.

Please convey my blessings to the other devotees there in Boston. I hope this finds you looking very carefully to maintaining your health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
