---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — December 14, 1968",
    "h1":"Jadurani — December 14, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — December 14, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jadurani ======

My dear Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your nice letter of Dec. 4, 1968, and I have noted the contents very carefully. I have looked at the two small pictures you sent, and I approve of both of them. This is called Rajasthan style, and it is very nice. These two pictures, if nicely painted, will look very good in our temples. Also, there is one very nice photograph of my Guru Maharaja which I want you to paint, and I will send it to you there. It was found by Gurudasa in London and he has sent me two copies of it. It was taken just after His acceptance of sannyasa, and with the Srimad-Bhagavatam opened before Him. So I shall send it. So far Los Angeles temple is concerned, we have just now leased a very big church, with large meeting hall and various compartments, so here we shall need many very large paintings for making the hall attractive. If it is possible, you can paint very large ones, as large or even larger than the one you sent to Montreal of the Gopis. Regarding the gesso sizing of the canvases: If they last for 20 years that is fine and plenty long enough. The other process sounds too complicated, and this plastic sounds to be very nice.

Deity worship is for such persons who have ample time. The thing is, Deity worship is compulsory, and you can increase if you have got time to do so. But Mangala aratrik is essential (morning arati), and Sandharatrik (evening aratri) is essential, and offering of Prasadam to Deity is essential. And nice dress, decorating the Deity with sweet-smelling flowers, colorful and very opulent dresses, jewels, incense, etc, to make Them very brilliant and attractive, that is real Deity worship.

I hope you are all well there, and happy in Krishna Consciousness,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
