~~Title: Letter to: Janardana — December 19, 1968~~
~~bc: Janardana — December 19, 1968~~

====== Letter to: Janardana ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Janardana
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-12-19
showdate_hidden  : 2021-12-19
To_letters       : Janardana
Date_letter      : December 19
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Janardana,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter of December 11, 1968. I have already acknowledged receipt of the French Back To Godhead and I have sent my hearty thanks for you all. May Krishna bless you to advance this attempt far and wide.

It is encouraging to me that you are going to France and will acquaint yourself with theistic philosopher's on a Personal God. Actually when one comes to realize the Personality of Godhead, only then is his theistic knowledge complete. We have discussed this point very elaborately in the __Bhagavad-gita As It Is__ and your high intelligence will help you to present this idea before the learned scholars of France who are already inclined toward a Personality of Godhead. Please impress them logically and scientifically and it will be a great achievement for our mission. France is considered to have the most cultured people in Europe and if we can have some footing in France in the matter of Krishna Consciousness certainly this will be a great success. I am very glad that this subject matter is entrusted with you and I hope you will do it to your best capacity.

Although I could not read any of your article, I have learned from Purusottama that they are written very nicely. He is not fully conversant with the language but he could read most of it. So far as reviews I think that there is no need to review nonsense books and give them publicity at our cost. The sincere theists and philosophers will surely appreciate our presentation of Bhagavad-gita As It Is so you can write some articles on the basis of our discussions in this book or in Srimad-Bhagavatam.

Regarding the six Goswamis of Vrindaban, actually they are our guidance in Krishna Consciousness. Sanatana das Thakura has said that anyone who follows the footprints of the six Goswamis he will wish to be his servant. So we should always try to follow the footprints of the Six Goswamis and it will be easy to understand the Krishna Conscious philosophy.

Dayala Nitai is a very nice boy, a sincere soul so please try to train him as your assistant. I am very glad to learn that he is automatically improving in Krishna Consciousness on account of his sincere service spirit to Krishna and the Spiritual Master. That is the secret of success in Krishna Consciousness.

I you want, I can send you the theistic vedanta interpretation which you can edit and translate into the French language for publication in Back To Godhead. There are four chapters of Vedanta Sutra and the first one called Janmadyasya. I have explained in my Srimad-Bhagavatam at the very beginning. You can see it and if you think it is nice then I'll try to explain the other sutras in the same way. I am enclosing herewith the sanskrit transliterations and meanings as requested by you.

Please try for your Ph.D. very seriously and I am sure that Krishna will certainly help you in this matter. I hope that this finds you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
