---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — December 24, 1968",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — December 24, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — December 24, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-12-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-24
To_letters       : Gurudasa
Date_letter      : December 24
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

London

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your recent letter (undated) along with copies of the syndicate contact inviting for newspaper reproduction of the Royal Albert Hall chanting and they are all very encouraging.

I am sure that Krishna is helping you all around for your honest and sincere endeavors. Just previous to your letter I received one very encouraging letter from Syamasundara, reporting of his meeting with George Harrison who I understand has promised to give us a 5-story building in one of the busiest quarters of London. You have arranged for the convocation and I have seen the list of invitees. It is very encouraging. Please conduct this convocation carefully and try to recruit some sympathizers for our nice London center. I am dispatching one tape by separate register air mail in which you'll find my speech for this occasion. It begins with "Ladies and Gentlemen." I think this speech will be nice and it is recorded on speed 3 3/4.

Regarding your analogy of sowing KC seeds, I may inform you that there is a Bengali proverb---Sa bure Meoya Phale. This means that fruits like chestnuts and pomegranates, or similar other valuable fruits and nuts take some time to be fructified. So any good thing comes in our possession after hard struggle and endeavor. So Krishna Consciousness is the greatest of all good fruits. We must therefore have necessary endurance and enthusiasm to get the result. We shall never be disappointed when things are presented in reversed order. Anyway, your honest labor is now coming to be fructified. Always depend upon Krishna and go on working with enthusiasm, patience and conviction.

In the meantime, I have received one letter from Sri C. Govinda which is also very encouraging. I understand that Sri Govinda and Pandit Trika are now cooperating with you. Please keep them as good friends. Mr. Govinda appears to be very intelligent man and he has grasped the Sankirtana movement is very suitable for the younger generation in the Western world.

Our policy of Krishna Consciousness is very nice. We are offering people good family life with faithful wives in Krishna Consciousness. Similarly, able husbands in Krishna Consciousness so that the younger generation will be happy to have nice home, nice wife, nice food, nice dress, nice philosophy of life, nice culture and ultimately, nice Krishna. So this movement is the nicest of all other movements. Simply the ministers should be ready, intelligent, honest, and sincere. Then surely the Krishna Consciousness movement will be accepted by all considerate men and women. Thank you again for your letter and I hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
