---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — December 1, 1968",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — December 1, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — December 1, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1968-12-01
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-01
To_letters       : Gurudasa
Date_letter      : December 1
Year_letter      : 1968
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings to yourself and to your good wife Yamuna Devi. With the greatest satisfaction I have read your letter of November 25th and just yesterday I received our published pictures of Prahlada Maharaja. I thank you very much for your sincere endeavors and I am sure that Krishna will bestow upon you all blessings for your notable service attitude. This is the key to progressing in Krishna Consciousness that one learns to serve Krishna and the Spiritual Master in humble attitude and this attitude in you shall certainly bring you further and further in perfecting your life. In humble submission the devotee finds such sweet transcendental pleasure that no more he is interested in the nonsense material world and no more he is affected by the influence of the inferior energy, the maya.

Your idea of arranging meeting with all of the influential people who are interested in your activities is excellent suggestion and may prove very good results. So certainly Krishna is guiding you in your thoughts and activities. This is very nice, and all very encouraging to me. As you may have heard, our Bhagavad-gita As It Is is now published and can be ordered from the New York temple by writing to Brahmananda. Please try to popularize this book throughout England as much as possible. Because if these books are read, there is no doubt that many sincere souls shall be attracted and will join you in your work for Krishna. So please try for selling these books, it shall be considered as the greatest service.

You have requested of me to write one letter for opening the "board meeting" so when the meeting is arranged definitely I will send the same. So far as the dictionaries go, the Niruktih is the better of the two. I think that you may send me few more of the published Prahlada Maharaja prints so that other temples may be inspired and also may try to republish them in some American papers.

Once again I thank you for your nice labors and hope that you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
