~~Title: Letter to: Sumati Morarjee — 1969~~
~~bc: Sumati Morarjee — 1969~~

====== Letter to: Sumati Morarjee ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sumati Morarjee
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-00-00
showdate_hidden  : 2021-00-00
To_letters       : Sumati Morarjee
Date_letter      : 
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : 
----

To Sumati Morarji

International Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, in London, I shall try to see if there is any similar society here. But one thing I can suggest as you have asked me to give a thought to this problem, that Goseva, according to our Vedic injunction, is specially entrusted to the mercantile community. Of course, during the Hindu government in India, the kings were mostly Vaisnavas like Maharaja Pariksit, and he at once caught the Black man Kali who was attempting to kill a cow. But those days are no more. Neither there is a king like Maharaja Pariksit, nor the present government of India is inclined to give protection to the cows. But the mercantile community, specially the Gujaratis and the Marwaris are undoubtedly rich in India, and I do not know why such mercantile communities do not open large-scale dairy farms. That will certainly give actual protection to the cows. From Bhagavad-gita we understand that the Vaisya community is specially responsible for giving protection to the cows as much as the ksatriya kings are responsible for giving protection to the citizens of the state. As such, if you can organize-and I believe you can do so, because by Grace of Krishna, you are in good position amongst the mercantile community---big dairy farms with large pasturing grounds, then the problem of milk supply and cow protection will automatically be done. I do not know how much you will appreciate my this suggestion, but if you can do such organization, it will be a great service to the country and to the animals, and to this cause of Krishna Consciousness. If you be serious on this point then I can help you with all of my possible energies.

Regarding your foundation: I am very glad that you have registered the Sumati Morarji Foundation with the aims and objects of imparting educational as well as cultural training to younger generation, but in this line of activities also I will suggest that you should impart transcendental training for their becoming Krishna Conscious on the basis of the principles of Srimad Bhagavad-gita, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Vedanta Sutra, and alloyed literatures, as I am trying to do here. You will be surprised to know that my humble service in this country is being highly appreciated by the younger section of the country, so if the younger section of all countries combine together on this cultural training of Krishna Consciousness, there will be great change on the present situation of the world. Music and dance and distribution of prasadam are the main items of my Krishna Consciousness propagation, and they are acting so nicely. Perhaps you know that I am organizing here a community center in West Virginia on a land of about 200 acres, and it will be a replica of Vrindaban. So it is my ambition, as foretold by Lord Caitanya, that the people of the world will be happy under the banner of Krishna Consciousness, and let us try our best for this greatest philosophy of life. Of course, medical and other relief work to the distressed persons are not objectionable items, but actually the people of the whole world are suffering on account of lacking in Krishna Consciousness. Anyway, I am trying, practically, struggling single-handedly in this great endeavor, and my financial strength is practically zero. And I think you have got sufficient knowledge about that. But if your newly founded institution cooperates with me, it will be a great success. So far donation to this foundation, naturally I shall be inclined to donate in kind. I have already printed my following books, Bhagavad-gita as it is, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Easy Journey to Other Planets, Teachings of Lord Caitanya, and so on, as well as our Back to Godhead magazine. And I shall be glad to donate free as many copies as your foundation may require from me.

You shall be glad to know that by this time I have opened one center in Hamburg, West Germany, and one center in London, England. Please let me know if your steamer service is now open for London, Los Angeles, and Hamburg.

Thanking you in anticipation and awaiting your early reply,

Your ever well-wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
