~~Title: Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna — January 21, 1969~~
~~bc: Gurudasa, Yamuna — January 21, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa, Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-01-21
showdate_hidden  : 2021-01-21
To_letters       : Gurudasa, Yamuna
Date_letter      : January 21
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Gurudasa and Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge both of your letters dated 14, January 1969 as well as one letter from Gurudasa dated 16, January 1969 with enclosed a picture and newspaper cuttings. This picture is undoubtedly very unique because perhaps in the history of the world it is for the first time that Western boys and girls in the dress of pure Vaisnavas are chanting on the street of a very important quarter of the greatest city in the world, London. So by the Grace of Krishna you are all six together doing very nice Krishna Consciousness activities, and I am so much pleased. In your letter I can understand that people from many important cities of Europe and Africa are taking part in our Sankirtana movement, and you have got continuous engagements almost every night. This is very much encouraging.

I am so glad to understand that as soon as your finances are almost depleted, Krishna sees to everything. This is the process of Krishna Consciousness. If we are sincere, Krishna will supply us with all necessities of life. When we serve some mundane master, he gives us sufficient salary, so when we serve the Supreme Master, how it is possible that He will keep us fasting? Actually due to our lack of Krishna Consciousness sometimes we become disturbed with shortage of funds. But we should be confident that our necessities will certainly be fulfilled by the Supreme Lord. The same incident sometimes happens in New York temple. When there is a shortage of funds, sometimes they find money accidentally without knowing the source.

I have received report from Mr. Parikh and others that they are enamored by your behavior, your character, and your devotion. In the newspaper cuttings also they gave such hints. In other words, everyone is appreciating your presentation. Please keep up this standard of behavior. Do not make any artificial discrepancies amongst yourselves because you are acting on a very responsible business. Perhaps you know that there are many political parties in a country, but when the country's total responsibility has to be executed, they become combined. To have some little disagreements amongst yourselves is not very unnatural because we are all individual beings. But as we are all working on behalf of Krishna we should always forget our personal interests and see to the prime cause.

I have noted with great satisfaction the list of foodstuffs offered on the meeting day, and they were so much appreciated. I have not as yet received any letter from Mr. Fakirchand who is interested in starting a temple. I hope this meets you both in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
