~~Title: Letter to: Syamasundara — January 11, 1969~~
~~bc: Syamasundara — January 11, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Syamasundara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Syamasundara
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-01-11
showdate_hidden  : 2021-01-11
To_letters       : Syamasundara
Date_letter      : January 11
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of January 7, 1969, and before this I had also received your letter of January 2, 1969, and have noted the contents with great encouragement. Although nothing is settled as of yet, I can understand that things are progressing well and as you write in your letter under reply, the meeting was very successful, and we shall soon be able to have a nice temple in London.

Today I received letters from Guru das and Mukunda, and it is understood that Mr. George Harrison is arranging for a first class temple, better than the one to be had on Baker Street. In the meantime I have received a letter from Petamber Dindayal in Guyana, and he has invited me to go there. There is an invitation to go to Hawaii also, but above all I am very much anxious to see a London temple established first. So please let me know by return mail if there is an immediate chance of my going to London. Then I shall make my program in that way. I do not mind any climatic condition there; I am quite fit, and whenever required, I am prepared to go there. You have mentioned a very encouraging invitation that my visit there will be the biggest event in London since the time of the Roman Invasion. Actually this will be so. This time there is no question of invasion, but this time, if England is prepared, they will receive something sublime which they cannot produce in their country, neither in Manchester, Glasgow, nor Edinburgh. As I stated in my last letter to you that London is still a leading city of the world, and if Mr. George Harrison cooperates with us, certainly we shall be able to deliver something sublime to the world by joint endeavor.

I am so glad that Mr. Harrison is composing songs like "Lord which we so long ignored". He is very thoughtful. When we actually meet, I shall be able to give him thoughts about separation from Krishna, and they will be able to compose very attractive songs for public receptions. The public is in need of such songs, and if they are administered through nice agents like the Beatles, it will surely be a great success. In your previous letter you advised me that Mr. Harrison has desired to have me live in the house which they are counting to give us because he has many questions to ask me. I am very much pleased to meet persons who put sincere questions in the matter of Krishna Consciousness. So it will be a great event if the Beatles try to understand this science of Krishna Consciousness with intelligent questions and try to understand it seriously. Anyway, I am expecting your next letter wherein you will mention "at last, at last", as you had mentioned in your letter dated January 2, 1969.

Please convey my hearty blessings to the others there with you. I hope this finds you all in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
