---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — January 30, 1969",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — January 30, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — January 30, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

My dear Jayapataka,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters of January 23, 1969, and I have carefully read the contents. For the present I think you cannot leave Montreal for doing work on your draft status. Your service is much too valuable there. Even if this means that in the future you cannot leave for the United States, what is the harm in this? Everywhere you are it is the same because Krishna is there, and you can perform devotional service anywhere you are. There is no need to be attached to any particular land on account of some mayic relationship. All places belong to Krishna, and wherever we get the chance for serving Him, that land is our God-gifted land. Anyway, you may write to your draft board and explain to them that you are studying to be a minister of Krishna Consciousness but you are at present unable to leave Montreal. When your duties are not so much needed in Montreal you will come to the United States to resume your attempts. Write to them in this way, and let us see what is their response.

Regarding your question about the __Brahma Samhita,__ there is no contradiction with the __Bhagavad-gita.__ If "direction" is not specifically mentioned in __Bhagavad-gita__ it does not mean that __Brahma Samhita__ is not authorized. Regarding the singing meter used by Narada Muni, anyone can utter it. You have asked about the specialness of the month of Kartikeya, and the answer is that is is a special inducement for persons who are not in Krishna Consciousness to perform some devotional service. For persons who are doing nothing in Krishna Consciousness, it is an indirect inducement to take to devotional service in earnest seriousness, every moment is Kartikeya. In this connection, there is a good example that sometimes a store gives special concession to attract new customers. But for those who are already customers there is no need of a special sale. They will purchase at any cost if they know the import and value of the goods. Similarly, those who are pure devotees do not aspire for any concession, and out of spontaneous love try to engage themselves in devotional service 24 hours each day, 365 days every year, without any stoppage.

So far as reading scriptures out loud, this depends upon the circumstances. If you can understanding by reading silently, there is no need to read out loud, because this may make others feel disturbed. The mantra you have asked about which is mentioned in Brahma Samhita means the pastimes, Form and Qualities of the Lord with His Associates. Our mantras are never impersonal. When we meditate upon Hare Krishna we remember the Pastimes, Form, Qualities, etc., of Lord Krishna.

Regarding the teaching at Sir George Williams University, if you like you may take charge, I have no objections. But if there is somm one who may speak better at present, you should give him a chance. In either case, you should please try to introduce into every college and university our Bhagavad-gita As It Is. That will surely be a great service. The Bhagavad-gita is well read everywhere, and you need only to convince them that this is the best edition.

[PAGE MISSING]
