---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Vilasavigraha — January 22, 1969",
    "h1":"Vilasavigraha — January 22, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Vilasavigraha — January 22, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Vilasavigraha ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Vilasavigraha
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-01-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-22
To_letters       : Vilasavigraha
Date_letter      : January 22
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Vilasavigraha dasa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of January 18, 1969, and I have noted the contents.

You have asked me how one can know that Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead? How do you know that the president is the supreme person in your state? You know this through the government organizations, the constitution papers, and by traditional knowledge. Similarly, to know Who is the Supreme Personality you have to take evidence from the Vedic authorities, great personalities, and the Spiritual Master. Otherwise, what is the use of accepting a Spiritual Master if you can not take His words? Your Spiritual Master says Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Krishna says He is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, all the Vedic literature says that Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead. All great authorities like Narada, Vyasadeva, Lord Caitanya, Siddhanta Sarasvati, Bhaktivinode Thakura, Arjuna, and what to speak of the countless others say that Krishna is the Supreme Personality of Godhead. So to understand these authorities you have to follow in their footsteps. You cannot speculate upon Krishna, neither can you ever know Him by such speculations. You can simply use your judgement submissively; that is all, and this cannot be done in a challenging spirit. Lord Jesus Christ also said that the Kingdom of God is only for the humble and meek.

In regard to your next question, self realization means God realization, and God realization means self realization. Just like to see the sun means to see oneself, and to see oneself means to see the sun. Self realization depends completely upon God realization, or else it is not complete. One must know his relationship to the Absolute Truth to fully know his position. The mayavadi school simply discerns spirit from matter, but that is not Ultimate Knowledge. One should know the different manifestations of the spirit also. The highest manifestation of the spirit soul is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Lord Krishna.

In this age the mind is so much agitated that it cannot be fixed up on the Supreme Objective. Real meditation means to fix up the mind on Krishna or on Krishna's Expansion, Lord Visnu. The modern so-called meditater has no information of Krishna or Visnu. They try to meditate on something void or impersonal which is simply troublesome. It is clearly stated in the __Bhagavad-gita__ that those attached to the impersonal feature have their path to be very, very troublesome. Not only in this age when everything is troublesome, but it was so in former ages also, so what to speak of this age. Therefore, in this age, to fix up your ears upon the transcendental vibrations of Hare Krishna is the highest form of meditation, and the only one which will prove feasible for you. We may or may not condemn the impersonalists, but they are already condemned by Lord Krishna in the __Bhagavad-gita.__

Actually, there is nothing wrong with you because you have already come to the platform of Krishna Consciousness. Only by the influence of your past habits is it taking perhaps more time for you to adjust things. I hope that by the Grace of Krishna you will stick rigidly to chanting your 16 rounds or more daily. This will solve all of your questions. Try to engage yourself in the service of Krishna and everything will be revealed to you without fail.

Your ever well-wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
