---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rayarama — January 28, 1969",
    "h1":"Rayarama — January 28, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Rayarama — January 28, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Rayarama ======

My dear Rayarama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 24, 1969, and I have noted the contents with care. Just yesterday I also received __Back To Godhead,__ no. 22, and it is looking very good. This issue is very nice, and I thank you and all of your hard-working press men for their sincere efforts in this connection. I am confident that this magazine will be improving more and more under your direction.

Regarding your need for more manpower, I have already asked Arabinda to go there, and he will be writing to you soon about this. Regarding the securing of advertisements, this responsibility should be divided among three centers, namely New York, Los Angeles, and San Francisco. Purusottama has already gotten some advertisements for you, and he is teaching Sudama to help him also in Los Angeles. In San Francisco, both Cidananda and Dindayal will be trying for this also. In New York, Gargamuni and Nayana Bhirama should work in this way also. Nayana Bhirama did nicely in securing advertisements for this last issue, so I think he is skillful enough to be very helpful for the next issue also. If advertisements are sold in many different cities, it will add prestige to the magazine, because people will see that we are getting advertisements from all over.

Similarly, the sales of Back To Godhead should be divided more evenly amongst our centers. Not that one or two temples do all of the selling and all of the others should simply sleep. Los Angeles can sell 1,500 copies, and similarly, New York and San Francisco should sell at least an equal amount of copies a piece. The other centers should sell the remainder of the copies, and if necessary, you can print more. Also, you should have the centers pay for their copies immediately upon receipt. If they do not have the money, then they must secure it by working, but somehow or other this system must be introduced so that you will not always be in financial difficulties for printing future issues. Also, I would be very much interested to see records of how much you are spending and earning in production and sales and advertisements for __Back To Godhead.__

Thanking you once more for your letter and the very nice new issue. I hope this will meet you in improving health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

NB: I do not understand why there is no word from you about the Prahlada Maharaja pictures which are to be printed here. Please inform Purusottama what is the difficulty.
