---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 9, 1969",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — January 9, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 9, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-01-09
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-09
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : January 9
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 4, 1969, and I have carefully noted the contents.

One thing that I beg to bring to your notice about the printing of my books. In 1954, I left my home, and for 5 years I lived as Vanaprastha here and there, and then in 1959 I took sannyasa. Of course even when I was a householder I was publishing __Back To Godhead__ since 1947. But then my Spiritual Master dictated that I should take to writing books which will be a permanent affair. So after my acceptance of sannyasa I began working on __Srimad-Bhagavatam__ and when the first canto was finished, with great difficulty I published the first volume in 1962, after leaving my home and after taking sannyasa and spending whatever cash money I had with me during the five years of my staying alone. Practically in 1960 I was penniless. Therefore I had to quickly take to publication of the first volume and after this I got some money just enough to pull on. In this way I published the 2nd volume in 1963 and the 3rd volume in 1965. Then I began to think of coming to your country, and somehow or other I was brought here. Now since I have come I am unable to publish the 4th volume of __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ but with your help and assistance, since 1965 this one book only has been published, and I do not know what this Dai Nippon Company is doing.

Anyway, I am very much anxious for getting my books published. The manuscripts which I presently have may be converted into eight different books of the same size which I generally publish, (400 pages). But I do not know how I will get them published. Last year when I was in India, I thought that Acyutananda would publish them in India but this boy could not help me in the least, and the net result is that I have lost my typewriter, and Rs 2000 are now in the dark well of Hitsaran. Acyutananda was sent about Rs 1000 plus he has collected a similar amount from the Dalmia Trust Fund. All of this has been lost for nothing.

Whatever is done is done. I am now very much serious about printing my books. There may be three sources for their printing. One source is that if the MacMillan Company is interested to publish my books that will be a great relief. I do not mind for the profit concerned. But I want to see them published. Another source is if MacMillan isn't interested, we can get them printed from Dai Nippon, but the delaying procedure of this company in Japan is not very encouraging. Therefore the next step would be to start our own press at New Vrindaban, because Hayagriva is ready to start a press there immediately, taking responsibility for the investment. He has told me that he could take a loan from his friend, Dr. Henderson. In this connection of purchasing a press I sent a list to be filled by the press men of New York telling of the prices of printing machines but there is no response. So I ask you what to do in this connection. Ultimately, if nothing is done, I shall be obliged to return to India for getting them published there.

I hope that by now you have already deposited the $1,300 in First National City Bank. So far as the profits from the store, you may do with them as you like. The temple needs maintenance and improvements, and also the book fund requires much funds. I require to have eight books published and on the price of $6,000 which is charged by Dai Nippon, I will require about $50,000 immediately. Selling or not selling, I want to see these books published. That is my ambition.

Regarding keeping my apartment, if you win the court case then keep this apartment until April when I shall arrive in New York, and then we shall decide whether or not to give it up.

So far as placing the Radha-Krishna and Lord Jagannatha deities in special order to one another, there is no set ruling. Simply make the altar look very attractive. As for the address in India which I would like one copy of __Teachings of Lord Caitanya__ to be sent, I shall send it after confirmation that the books are completed.

I hope that you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. So far United Shipping Corporation is concerned, please let me know if their previous accounts are cleared off nicely. If their dealings are alright you can order them regularly & may open letter of credit. ACB
