---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mrs. Levine — January 10, 1969",
    "h1":"Mrs. Levine — January 10, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Mrs. Levine — January 10, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mrs. Levine ======

Dear Mrs. Levine,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your nice letter of January 5, 1969, along with your husband's note. Please offer my thanks to him.

Regarding your initiation, I do not know whether your husband is also willing to be initiated with you. This first initiation can be performed by mailing your beads, but if conveniently you can come to see me with your husband, that would be very nice. I am so glad to know that you have become so interested in Krishna Consciousness, and it is pleasing to note that you are hearing from Hansadutta and Himavati. They are an ideal pair amongst my disciples. There are many pairs like them and all of them, husbands and wives together, are engaged in the transcendental service of the Lord. Similarly, if I find you and your husband engaged in that way it will be a great pleasure for me. I have come to your country for preaching this Krishna Consciousness movement, and the younger generation especially is now cooperating with me. Similarly your cooperation will be very welcome.

Regarding the land available, this is a very good suggestion, and if it is engaged in Krishna's service that will be a great opportunity for you. We believe that every plot of land belongs to Krishna. The sooner it is engaged in the service of Krishna the better it is for the temporary owner. We come to this material world empty-handed and go away empty-handed. The things which we possess during our duration of life are first achieved and then let out along with all of our other temporary possessions. Therefore the best use of possessions during our lifetime is to dedicate it to the service of the Lord. The success of human life is considered when one fully surrenders his life, his wealth, his intelligence and his words for the benefit of the Lord.

Thank you once more for your letters. I hope that you and your husband are both well.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
