---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Janaki — February 28, 1969",
    "h1":"Janaki — February 28, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Janaki — February 28, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Janaki ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Janaki
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-02-28
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-28
To_letters       : Janaki
Date_letter      : February 28
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Janaki,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your long letter dated February 20, 1969 after a long interval, and I have noted the contents very carefully. You are so anxious to see me in London and I am also very anxious to see you all. I have not received any letter from Yamuna since a long time. I tried to go to London as I was very much anxious to see you all, but your good husband will not allow me to go there unless you are all fully equipped to see me. That is all right, and I am pleased to note that you six boys and girls are doing more than my expectation. Krishna will certainly be pleased to give you more strength to preach this glorious movement of Krishna Consciousness. So please keep yourselves steadily in the manner you are now keeping yourselves. The more you are working sincerely and steadily the more you will get strength from Krishna.

Regarding your questions, as Brahma realized that he was the maidservant of Krishna, similarly, everyone of us has to realize that Krishna is the only single purusa. Purusa synonymously means male, but actually, in the spiritual dictionary, male means "enjoyer" and female means "enjoyed." So in this sense, Krishna is the only male and all others being energies of Krishna, they are prakrti, or female. Please do not try to understand this male and female in the material sense. In other words, our perfection of life will be actually realizing that we are all females. In the material world we have got simply different dresses. Here in the material world, everyone is in the temperament of male, even the so-called females are also in the temperament. This is very prominent in the Western part of the world, and you know it very well how the females here think on the level of equality with males. This aptitude is material.

Regarding your other questions, yes, the desire tree can also supply dresses for Lord Jagannatha. Certainly my Spiritual Master watches me. So far as your question about the disciplic succession, in all Vedic literatures it is mentioned about the disciplic succession. You have read in __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ first canto, first chapter where it is said that Brahma was inspired from within the heart by the Supreme Personality of Godhead. Similarly, in the __Katha Upanisad__ it is said that "in order to learn the transcendental science, one has to approach the Spiritual Master." This spiritual master means one who has heard correctly from his Spiritual Master. In this way, ultimately it goes to Krishna, the Supreme Spiritual Master. There is no possibility of understanding the Vedic knowledge without this descending process. The modern world is puffed up with personal research knowledge, but the person who is engaging in this research work does not know that he is imperfect on account of his aptitude for becoming illusioned, for committing mistakes, for his cheating propensity and for his possessing imperfect senses. Therefore there is no possibility of receiving perfect knowledge without approaching a self-realized Spiritual Master coming down in disciplic succession. The mental speculator, no matter how advanced he may be, cannot deliver us the right knowledge.

I thank you very much for your good wishes for our opening 108 centers. Krishna will bless you and please try to help me. In England we will have to start at least 10 centers, and I understand from the activities of Mr. Parikh that it will not be a very difficult task.

Please convey my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
