~~Title: Letter to: Kirtanananda — February 14, 1969~~
~~bc: Kirtanananda — February 14, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kirtanananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-02-14
showdate_hidden  : 2022-02-14
To_letters       : Kirtanananda
Date_letter      : February 14
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Kirtanananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 9 February, 1969, and I have carefully noted the contents. Regarding prasadam offering to the Deities, you will take from the cooked foodstuffs in a plate just sufficient for one man's eating, and this prasadam should be offered to the Deity, not the whole quantity. The rest of the foodstuffs may remain in the oven to keep it hot until the devotees accept and honor it. The plate offered to the Deities must be kept 15-20 minutes so that the major portion of the foodstuffs will be remaining warm in the oven, and the devotees will therefore not be dissatisfied. I think this practice will solve the question.

Regarding your insurance policy, I do not wish to engage you in litigation; that is not a sannyasi's business. In India, since I left, people have grabbed my money up to many thousands of rupees. That Hitsaran took away 2000 Rs, the landlord has taken away more than 2000 Rs, but what can I do? If I go to litigation I will have to put myself in so many anxieties. It is better to forget. If peacefuly you can draw the money from your father that is all right. I do not know what kinds of devious means you want to use in this connection, but any means, if it does not put you into difficulties, will be acceptable.

Regarding Syama Dasi's health, it is to be understood that so long we have got this material body there must be some trouble. Actually, medicine is not the remedial measures for our bodily troubles unless we are helped by Krishna. Therefore, whenever there is bodily trouble we may adopt the prescribed methods of medical science and depend upon Krishna for His Mercy. The best remedy, not only for Syama Dasi but for everyone, is to consult some approved physician. But ultimately we have to depend on the Mercy of Krishna, so we should chant regularly, pray to Krishna to give us a chance to serve Him, and, if required, we may adopt the approved method of treatment.

I am glad to learn that things are very nicely going on in New Vrindaban, and I learned from Hayagriva that electricity is already there. I have received one letter from Mukunda that some publisher is interested in __Easy Journey to Other Planets.__ So immediately send one edited copy which you should have there to me and also send another copy to Mukunda at the following address as soon as possible: 22 Betterton Street, London WC 2, ENGLAND.

Uddhava das has not yet written me about possibilities of the building suggested by you, but if it is available at $1000, it must be purchased. Has Uddhava and the others seen this building also? Regarding your Istagosthi question, chanting the Hare Krishna Mantra can be done loudly or slowly, and in all conditions. There is no restriction. Lord Caitanya has said that there is no hard and fast rules for chanting this Maha Mantra.

For your toothache trouble, you can brush your teeth with the following mixture; common salt, 1 part, and pure mustard oil, quite sufficient to make it a suitable paste. With this paste brush your teeth, especially the painful part, very nicely. Gargle in hot water, and keep always some cloves in your mouth. I think that will cure your troubles. It doesn't require to extract any teeth.

About my going to New Vrindaban, I have already written to Hayagriva about this, and you can let me know your decision as soon as possible. I hope this will meet you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
