~~Title: Letter to: Mr. Jim Doody — February 8, 1969~~
~~bc: Mr. Jim Doody — February 8, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Mr. Jim Doody ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mr. Jim Doody
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-02-08
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-08
To_letters       : Mr. Jim Doody
Date_letter      : February 8
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Dear Mr. Jim Doody,

Please accept my blessings. I am very glad to read your letter of February 3, 1969, and I am also glad to learn of your very sincere desire to serve Krishna. Surely He will save you. Material entanglement is no problem; if Krishna was not so powerful that He can easily undo our material entanglement then there would be no need to follow the path of Krishna Consciousness. Krishna has given His instruction in the Bhagavad-gita that one should simply surrender unto Him, and immediately He takes charge of solving all of the problems of life. So if you decide to surrender unto Krishna, and if you are sincere of purpose, there is no problem of your life. Material entanglement is not a new thing for you. Everyone who is in this material world has got material problems. Who hasn't got the problem of birth? Who hasn't got the problem of death? Who hasn't got the problem of old age? And who hasn't got the problem of disease? Nobody can escape these problems, so everyone in this material world is entangled. The difference is only of varieties of types of entanglement.

I am very glad that you are desiring to be willing servitor of Krishna, and Krishna will surely accept you, provided you always remain serious in this determination. Therefore, I will advise you to keep company with my disciples in London. They are all very sincere boys and girls, and as much as is possible for you, you should help them with their activities. You also should continue to help them with Sankirtana Party in London. I am looking forward to going there as soon as there is a temple obtained. I think that because you are an English boy, you can help them very much in this connection. As soon as we get a nice place there, and they call me, I will be pleased to go and meet you and all of the sincere souls who are anxious to be engaged in this great Krishna Consciousness movement.

Please rest assured that in this movement there is no question of imperfectness. This is a solid, genuine movement for the total spiritual rejuvenation of the human society. I am requesting in this letter through you that every honest and sincere boy or girl must immediately join with us in this movement. If one is actually serious to understand the problems of life, he will surely find the right answers in this movement. Please read carefully our book, __Bhagavad-gita As It Is,__ and you will find yourself getting enlightenment to the fullest extent. There is no doubt of this.

Please inform Gurudasa that in Los Angeles temple, Visnujana, Tamala Krishna, Silavati, and her son, Birbhadra played a puppet show yesterday on the occasion of my Spiritual Master's Advent Day. The subject of demonstration was the story of Prahlada. It was so very nice and perfect that everyone enjoyed to the fullest extent, and everyone joined in chanting Hare Krishna. I hope that some time in the future they will be able to demonstrate many such spiritual themes for puppet shows, and people will be greatly benefited.

Please convey my blessings to the others there. I was so glad to talk with them the other day on the telephone. I enjoyed hearing their voices, and I was happy that they were also very much pleased to hear me. I will be glad to hear if Mr. George Harrison attended the love feast ceremony yesterday as I was informed he would. Please continue to try and understand the essence of this Krishna Consciousness movement, and try to convince others also of its importance.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
