---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 23, 1969",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — March 23, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 23, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-23
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-23
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : March 23
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : San Francisco
----

New York

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. Regarding the United Shipping Corporation, I have sent them the necessary 4 copies of invoice and certificate, and asked them to send one statement of account for our $500. In future, I think we have to select very nice shipping agent, because we have undergone so much botheration this time. Please send one complete list of goods received. I am enclosing herewith one letter from Pradyumna, and you can let me know what is to be done for his hospital charges. We are increasing our expansion, but we have to take account of these emergencies. I have already written you about taking steps for protecting our boys from the draft board; now, when we live together, somebody may fall ill. Now, find some future main source of income for our institution, and main source is publications. So if we can organize a good sales organization, that is our main hope. Besides that, if the Sankirtana party is nicely organized, we can have demonstration for public. I do not know how far we shall be successful, but we must find out a source of our income. At the present moment, some of the boys are working and practically it is going on under their working strength. Anyway, please think over what is to be done with Pradyumna. I have written also to Hansadutta about the Sankirtana party, and I think our books, paintings, and the Sankirtana party can give us enormous help if we can organize it very nicely. I want therefore a permanent residential quarter at New York, so that my personal supervision of these things may go on. For the present, I would like to stay in my apartment at 26 Second Avenue, if cooking for the Temple can be arranged elsewhere. If it is silent and solitary, I feel pleasure to live there, better than elsewhere. I shall prepare to start for N.Y. sometimes by the 10th-15th of April. I think by that time the atmosphere in N.Y. will be warm, and I will feel comfortable.

So far Teachings of Lord Caitanya is concerned, everything has been very encouraging, and hopefully by the Grace of Lord Caitanya, it will come out very nicely presented. Govinda dasi has sent the cover picture today by special delivery, and other 5 pictures will be sent later on. For the cover of the book, I think gold paper will be very nice, with the lettering and drawing printed in black ink. Nice gold paper must be available in Japan very cheaply, and they may send us some samples. They can set the type for the title on the cover, and you may give them some suggestion, and maybe see their samples. So far inking of the lettering and drawing, no colored ink, it is not very nice. Please do it all very nicely, as you have done so nice service for my books' publication. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
