~~Title: Letter to: Isana, Vibhavati — March 8, 1969~~
~~bc: Isana, Vibhavati — March 8, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Isana, Vibhavati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Isana, Vibhavati
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-08
showdate_hidden  : 2022-03-08
To_letters       : Isana, Vibhavati
Date_letter      : March 8
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Hawaii
----

My dear Isana das and Vibhavati dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your kind letter of February 22, 1969, along with your beads, which I have duly chanted. Your name is now Isana das Adhikari and your wife's name is Vibhavati dasi. Please follow the four principles of initiated disciples which are as follows: No eating of animal foods such as meat, fish and eggs; no gambling; no illicit sex life; and no intoxication of any kind. Chant 16 rounds minimum daily, attend classes in the temple, and read Bhagavad-gita, and Srimad-Bhagavatam regularly. Whenever there is any question, ask me, and try to preach Krishna Consciousness movement to your best capacity. I am very glad to learn that Mukunda has invited you to go to London and if there is possibility you should go immediately, both of you, and join with them. The six boys and girls, husband and wife, are preaching Krishna Consciousness movement in London so nicely, that in the London Times there was a news heading like: Krishna Chant Startles London. These boys and girls are also initiated for the last two years only---they are not very great scholars in theological studies, but still by the Grace of Krishna they have created some impression in a city like London simply by their sincere effort. My Spiritual Master used to send preachers who were all in the renounced order of life (sannyasis), but I am doing a completely different process---namely, preparing some young couples of husband and wife to take up this job. this is approved by Lord Caitanya. He said that it does not matter whether the preacher is in the renounced order of life, or a family man, or a brahmana or a sudra---nothing is hampering in the process of preaching Krishna Consciousness. The only qualification required is that one should know the genesis of Krishna Consciousness and then he is just the fit person to preach this great philosophy.

I understand both you and your wife are very intelligent boy and girl and I hope if you sincerely wish to serve Krishna He will give you all intelligence how you can nicely serve Him.

I am here at Hawaii at the care of Gaurasundara and his wife Govinda dasi; they are also doing very nicely. Similarly, another couple of disciples, Satsvarupa and Jadurani in Boston are also doing very nicely. Similarly, in Buffalo Rupanuga and his wife and their small child are doing very nicely. Similarly, in New Vrindaban Hayagriva and his wife Syama dasi are doing very nicely. So it is a part of my missionary work; I want to see that the Western boys and girls who are very much loose with their sex life should get themselves married and take to Krishna Consciousness seriously and they will be happy both materially and spiritually. So if you go to London to join Mukunda and his company you will be very much pleased to see how husband and wife combined together can so nicely preach this Krishna Consciousness movement. Please take up this philosophy very seriously and you will be happy in this life and next life. If you are going to London please let me know when you are going.

Your poetry is very nice, and I am sending the copy to our editor of Back To Godhead for publishing it conveniently.

Herewith please find your chanted beads and be happy by the Grace of Krishna. Please convey my blessings to all there, and I hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACB/gd
