~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — March 10, 1969~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — March 10, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-10
showdate_hidden  : 2021-03-10
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : March 10
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Hawaii
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of March 5, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. The letter heading is very nicely set up but the color black is not so attractive. It should have been two colors as you suggested, namely violet and black. I am pleased that you are going to have two color set up next printing. I thank you very much for your nice sentiments so expressed in this letter; that I am not unreasonable---rather you have taken the responsibility on your part. Actually we are all conditioned souls so our demand from Krishna to accept us is unreasonable. From my personal point of view, I think that I am so sinful that I cannot even approach Krishna to show me any favor. But I have only one hope---my Spiritual Master---He is very kind. So someway or other He is dragging me towards Krishna. That is the only hope. Sri Caitanya Caritamrta says therefore: __Guru Krishna.__ By the mercy of the Spiritual Master, and by the mercy of Krishna, one gets into Krishna Consciousness. Narada Muni is our original Spiritual Master and he has dragged so many fallen souls towards Krishna, and we are also hoping to be dragged by Him through the disciplic succession. Otherwise, if we study our own qualifications, there is none---rather I have got so many disqualifications.

Regarding United Shipping Corporation, I think our former accounts for $250 due from them is by this time squared up by supply of goods, etc. I have separately ordered one small consignment for Los Angeles, and let me see how they supply. Next order will follow from Hawaii. The shipping arrangement to the Western coast should be more carefully done.

Regarding Teachings of Lord Caitanya distribution, it is a fact that you are the sole distributer. But now that you have already instructed Dai Nippon to dispatch two separate consignments, I think that if you now change the decision, it will again be perturbing for them and things may be delayed. Better not to give them any adverse instruction at this late hour. But you can send your bill to Purusottama in Los Angeles for the L.A. consignment. The bill should be paid to you . That will save you botheration from distributing again from New York. In other words, as soon as the bill is submitted by you, it means that it has been dispatched from your stock.

Regarding distribution of Back To Godhead in India by the Universal Book Distributers: I have read the letter sent by them and I do not think it is very practical. I am returning herewith the letter as desired by you for keeping in your file, and you can reply them on the following points:

1. That you submit us every month a list of 1000 libraries. We shall dispatch free copies from here directly, and we shall print your name as the sole distributer in India, provided:

2. When you receive orders or inquiries from such parties, you immediately order from us at least 500 copies lot and we shall deliver you C.I.F. less 40% on the face value. The present face value is $.50 per copy. Payment: cash on delivery. On receipt of your confirmation, we shall send you the appointment letter and the business will begin.

3. You shall send us regularly 1000 new addresses every month, and we shall post copies to them from this end.

In this way, you can write to them.

Another thing, the Library of Congress has got one agency in India, and they have recognized my Srimad-Bhagavatam, you know it. And they have open order for 18 copies of each volume as soon as published. Why not bring this fact to the Librarian of Congress, and introduce my other books, including Bhagavad-gita, TLC, etc.? And there are so many public libraries, and university libraries also, who may receive them. So, business has to be organized and I hope you will do the needful.

Regarding Back To Godhead circulation: I shall be glad to know what is the decision of the National Distributer. Whether you have received any reply from the Japanese printer about BTG.

I wish to go to New York by the first week of April, because after finishing in N.Y., I shall have to go to Boston. And when I come back from Boston by the middle of May, then we go to New Vrindaban, and if possible we make arrangements for starting the press. In the meantime, the press men, and managers and every one should be ready. If the press can manage to print 20 to 25,000 of BTG, and 5000 copies each of my books, I think that will be sufficient engagement for the newly started press.

Please convey my blessings to everyone there, and I hope you are all well and happy.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I may go to San Francisco from Hawaii and from there I shall go to New York, otherwise, you will have to arrange for my ticket from Hawaii to N.Y., a very long distance.

I have received one enquiry from %%__ __ ___%% letter and copy of my reply and endorsed herewith. Please do the needful. ACB

I have received the Mango pulp dry for which thank you. Please send it at regular interval because I eat it daily with my lunch.
