---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Advaita — March 16, 1969",
    "h1":"Advaita — March 16, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Advaita — March 16, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Advaita ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Advaita
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-16
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-16
To_letters       : Advaita
Date_letter      : March 16
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Hawaii
----

My dear Advaita,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter of March 6, 1969, and I am so glad to know that you are feeling the Lord's mercy being given your engagement of printing Krishna Consciousness propaganda literature. I think we shall have to open the press immediately because the business transaction with Dai Nippon is not very prospective. If we have our own press we become completely independent in the matter of printing. The difficulty of printing in your country has increased on account of higher wages of the workers. But as we are now training our own men, I think we shall be able to print our books and magazines in lesser cost than in Japan. Now the practical experience is that for printing one book, TLC, this Dai Nippon has delayed so much. So I do not find any good prospect of printing our books in the Dai Nippon. So if you are confident our press can now be successfully run; if you are confident that now you can conduct our press, just to print our books and magazines with the help of your other God-brothers, just try to think over the matter very seriously. And when we meet together next in April, we shall finally decide about this. If we have got our own press then we shall print at least four books yearly, and 50,000 magazines every month. Then you will have ample opportunity for printing Krishna Consciousness literature. So we have now fully equipped staff, editorial, printers, binders, and managers, and Krishna will be financier. So I think there is no more scarcity of anything and let us begin the job as soon as possible. You just consult amongst your God-brothers and I shall be glad to know how much money you can spare for the purchase of a nice press and other equipments. So I think there is possibility of asking Hayagriva for acquiring the balance money. I am also very glad that you have approved New Vrindaban as the right site for our activities, and printing work, and that will be very nice thing. We have got our project of constructing seven temples in New Vrindaban. And unless we get money from any other source, we have to earn this money by our press activities. So your responsibility is going to be very heavy. You have to give us nice printed books, and magazines, literature, and the sales organization will be done by Brahmananda, as he is contemplating to separate the department into ISKCON books for promoting the sale of our publications. This is very nice idea. So let us conjointly serve Krishna with our life, money, intelligence, and words, and this is the recommendation of Srimad-Bhagavatam for fulfilling the mission of human life. I hope you are both in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
