---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dayananda — March 26, 1969",
    "h1":"Dayananda — March 26, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Dayananda — March 26, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dayananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Dayananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-26
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-26
To_letters       : Dayananda
Date_letter      : March 26
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Hawaii
----

My dear Dayananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am very much thankful for your nice appreciative letter of my activities in this country and my Krishna bless you for all the fine sentiments that you have by the grace of the Lord. Practically there is no credit for me, if there is any credit it goes to my Spiritual Master, Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Goswami Prabhupada, Who is helping me by sending so many good souls like you in this movement. Whatever is being done, it is due to His Divine Grace only. So my business is just to carry out His order. That is the way of disciplic succession; and as you have all come to help me, if you also follow the same principles then our combined effort to serve Lord Krishna will be surely successful. So far L.A. temple is concerned, both you and your good wife Nandarani, desired to see the temple affairs improve, which I understood from your past letters. And you took the risk of 400 or 500 dollars by renting the storefront in Hollywood Blvd. It was certainly very nice, and you were paying $350, but because you very sincerely desired to have a very very nice place, Krishna arranged in a different way. In the beginning we thought that we are losing a nice place, when the landlord wanted to kick out us, but now I can understand Krishna's desire was to give us a still better place, and so we have now got it. So it is not the place alone which is responsible for beautifying the temple; it is the devotees who are actually beautifying the temple. And as president you are in charge of the whole branch, so kindly try to maintain the present atmosphere, and try to improve it more and more, that is my request.

I am going to S.F. on the 31st of March, and Dindayal has already sent the necessary passage money to go there. Another thing, that consignment of 2500 TLC is coming very shortly to L.A., so when the consignment comes, you have to keep them in the temple in a secure place so that copies may not be stolen. When I was in L.A. it was reported that 10 books of Bhagavad-gita were stolen. So this is not very good. So I hope you will take proper care. In this connection, the copies of the letter which I have sent Brahmananda is enclosed within. Also I am enclosing herewith one copy of the letter addressed to the manager of Equitable Savings, Fairfax branch, so please see them conveniently and inquire what is to be done in this connection. Then on hearing from them what are the formalities, I shall send you the key of my safety deposit box which you will keep very carefully, and when need be you may open and take some papers as I may advise you. Please convey my blessings to all the devotees and I hope this will meet you in good health with your wife and child.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
