---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satyabhama — March 24, 1969",
    "h1":"Satyabhama — March 24, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Satyabhama — March 24, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satyabhama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satyabhama
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-03-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-24
To_letters       : Satyabhama
Date_letter      : March 24
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Hawaii
----

My dear Satyabhama,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your very nice letter of March 16, and I thank you very much for it. I am happy to hear that you and your good husband are living peacefully at New Vrindaban and executing Krishna Consciousness. This is very nice, and is a good example for others. In the Western countries there is practically no real family life, and we have to show good example of Krishna Consciousness family life, and others will be attracted to follow your examples. This is my idea.

I understand you are now expecting a nice child for raising in Krishna Consciousness. In this connection, you should avoid any spicy foods so long the child is within the womb. So far this soy sauce, I have no personal experience with it. I understand soy beans are nice, but I do not know about this soy sauce. So far natural childbirth is concerned natural delivery is possible if we keep ourselves naturally. And so far I know that a pregnant woman should not eat any pungent food stuffs, she should not move in cars, and she should not sit idly. She should move and do some physical work. These are the general rules and regulations I have seen in India, and they have natural delivery. But so far your country is concerned, and especially the situation of the women here, that is a different thing. I cannot say definitely what is to be done. And under the circumstances, the best thing is to consult a doctor as they usually do. And after all, Krishna is the ultimate master, so if we keep the natural habits and depend on Krishna, then everything will be done nicely without any difficulty.

So best thing is for you to consult a doctor and do the necessary.

Yes, the idea of beginning children's books for our school at new Vrindaban is very nice. When I shall come there in mid-May then I shall give you instructions how to do it nicely.

Yes I received your very nice set of clothes for my Deity, and I thank you very much for them.

I hope you are feeling happy and in good health executing Krishna Consciousness.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
