---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — April 29, 1969",
    "h1":"Upendra — April 29, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — April 29, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Upendra ======

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 21 April, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. Do not be worried that there is only yourself and Gajendra as full time members. You will get more doubtlessly. Don't be agitated. Go on working sincerely and Krishna will surely help you. Both Gajendra and yourself are very sincere souls, and I give you both all blessings. So please continue to try to develop nicely. If you have got a nice place and a Sankirtana Party, then success is assured. That is already experimented in Los Angeles, You have already seen it, and try to organize a Sankirtana Party in that way in Seattle also. Seattle is a very nice place, and everywhere the students are taking part in our movement more enthusiastically. While I was in Buffalo I was very much pleased with the student community there, and similarly I saw good response in San Francisco. I have already invitation from Columbus and North Carolina, so our future hope is this student community. The child is the father of the man, and if the fathers of the children in this country are not taking part with us, the future fathers are surely sympathetic. That is a great hope for us.

Regarding __Back To Godhead,__ when we get copies from Japan, I have program to distribute several thousand copies freely. In the meantime, get the concessional rate from the Post Office. They have got such rates in Los Angeles and New York, it is about 2 and a half or 3 cents per copy. So you may select some nice, important names; government men, leading industrialists, businessmen, and when you get the concessional rates you should distribute at least 100 copies from your center freely. The postage and copies will be supplied to you.

I hope this will meet you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
