---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Vrndavanesvari — April 26, 1969",
    "h1":"Vrndavanesvari — April 26, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Vrndavanesvari — April 26, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Vrndavanesvari ======

My dear Vrndavanesvari,

Please accept my blessings. I am so pleased to receive your letter dated April 18, 1969 here in Boston. I am glad to learn that little Muradvaja is now become recovered from the fever he experienced in Los Angeles, and I am also glad to learn that Mandali Bhadra has already begun the translation work. It is Krishna's desire that we should meet together and cooperate for the cause of Krishna Consciousness movement which is so badly needed throughout the world. You and your husband are quite competent to take up this responsibility and your little child, Muradvaja, is a great hope for our future activities. He is fortunate boy to have such nice father and mother, and if you can raise him properly for this purpose, you shall all be benefited from the spiritual standpoint. I am glad that Ananda is executing the Krishna Consciousness movement there in Vancouver very intelligently with determination and sincerity. Please offer him my blessings, as well as to your husband and child.

I think if you can start for Germany in the beginning of July, that will be very nice help. The boys who are working there are sometimes in disagreement, so if you go and take charge of the center, it will be a great service. One boy, Jaya Govinda Brahmacari, is returning back from India, and combined together, the affairs of the Hamburg center will be arranged very nicely. By the Grace of Radharani you are already inclined to Krishna Consciousness; now you have got regular engagement to continue this consciousness to perfection. I understand that Krishna has helped you with some source of income. All the money we require is simply to meet our necessities, and we do not require any more for the purpose of sense gratification. But for our necessities we can always know that Krishna will help us with all facilities. Some way or other if Mandali Bhadra gets the facility of fully working on his translation work, it will be a very nice thing.

You have inquired about how we leave our body and enter into the Spiritual Sky. This information is very nicely explained in the Second Canto of __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ First Chapter. The idea is that this universe is just like a coconut fruit, and exactly like the coconut fruit there is covering of several layers. Each layer is said to be ten times more than the other. So when a living entity is eligible and fully prepared to enter into the Spiritual Sky, he merges his different bodily elements which are called earth, fire, water, air, and ether. In those covering layers these bodily elements return, and the living entity goes back to the Spiritual Sky. Pure devotees do not desire to enter into any one of the higher planetary systems of this universe. Sometimes mystic yogis are interested to see the higher planetary systems, and before entering into the Spiritual Sky, they take advantage of seeing the higher planetary systems. But a pure devotee is so much eager to enter back into the Spiritual Sky, especially devotees of Krishna, so they do not try even to enter into the Vaikuntha Lokas. Everything depends on the intense desire of the living entity, and Krishna gives all facilities for fulfilling such desires. So far as we are concerned, we should always be very much eager to directly contact Krishna, following the Footprints of Lord Caitanya. And as you are Vrndavanesvari, you should always pray to Srimati Radharani to engage yourself in Her Service. That will be the fulfillment of your life.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
