~~Title: Letter to: Jayagovinda — May 8, 1969~~
~~bc: Jayagovinda — May 8, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Jayagovinda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayagovinda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-05-08
showdate_hidden  : 2022-05-08
To_letters       : Jayagovinda
Date_letter      : May 8
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Columbus, Ohio
----

My dear Jaya Govinda,

Please accept my blessings. I am so much glad to learn that you have arrived in Hamburg. Your letter of 26 April, 1969 gives me a great relief. I was very, very much anxious while you were in India. For the time being, I have given up the idea of opening a center in India because by so attempting, I have simply lost money in so many ways. Now you have come to our own place and you will enjoy the company of the guru and sincere devotees who have dedicated their life for pushing on the Krishna Consciousness Movement, and I am sure you will feel happy in their company. Please try to publish __Back To Godhead__ as soon as possible, and very soon Mandali Bhadra and his wife, Vrindabaneshvari will join you. All of you combined together will be happy propagating our literatures, magazines, books in German language with concentrated attention. Krishna das, Sivananda, yourself and the new devotees will be a happy combination, so please do your best.

Regarding your future status in Germany, Krishna will save you; don't bother yourself about it. For the time being, engage yourself in His service, and I think it is the desire of Krishna that you live in Germany and be engaged in His service. I understand from Krishna Das's letter that there is great possibility of pushing our movement in Germany, so it is a great advantage for you to be there. I understand that you had some difficulty in reaching Hamburg, travelling for two weeks, but do not mind this trouble, because you underwent it for Krishna's sake. I was on the sea for one month and ten days continually, and that was a horrible account. Perhaps you have read it in my diary which you collected in Vrindaban. So let us forget our past difficulties and in Krishna Consciousness, if anyone faces difficulties, it is considered as blessings, because without tapasya, or voluntarily accepting some inconveniences, nobody can realize the Transcendence. So when we are put into difficulties while discharging Krishna Conscious duties, it is to be understood that Krishna puts us in a field of austerities and penances which help us making progress towards realization of our goal of life.

Here in the USA, especially in Los Angeles, San Francisco, and New York, they are taking out Sankirtana Party in the streets and getting very good results. The student community in the above cities are gradually realizing our activities as very good. Yesterday evening we had very good meeting in Harvard University, and many students and professors attended. There were nice discussions and they are convinced that our activities are genuine and for the real welfare of the human society. And actually it is so. We are not adulterating the transcendental message with any mundane rubbish. If we stick to the principles of Lord Krishna, Lord Caitanya and the Goswamis, then surely they will appreciate. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
