~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — May 27, 1969~~
~~bc: Mukunda — May 27, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-05-27
showdate_hidden  : 2021-05-27
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : May 27
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 23, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. You don't worry about my health. I am quite fit now, and in New Vrindaban I am walking on the hills daily. In Boston for three or four days I had some acute backache pain, but by the Grace of Krishna it was made all right very soon. This body is called the temple of diseases. So long as there is no disease it is wonderful, but when there is disease it is not wonderful. So this is the temple of disease. Of course, you are all very kind upon me, whenever I am slightly indisposed you become concerned, and I thank you very much for such anxiety. But so far as I am concerned, I always wish only to expedite my mission of life to spread Krishna Consciousness in the Western part of the world. I am still firmly convinced that if I can establish this movement through the help of all the boys and girls who have now joined with me, then it will be a great achievement. I am old man, and there has already been warning, but before I leave this body, I wish to see some of you very strong in Krishna Consciousness understanding. I am very glad and proud also that you six boys and girls, although you have not been able to establish a nice center in London, still you have done your best. And the news has reached far away in India that my disciples are doing very nice work in Krishna Consciousness. So that is my pride. I have received a letter from my Godbrother informing me that it has been advertised in India that in Vietnam also somebody is spreading Hare Krishna Movement. So there is no need to be disappointed. You go on with your work as best as Krishna gives you the opportunity, and there is no cause of your anxiety. Everything is going smoothly. But since you are now separated, the strength of your activities appears to be little disturbed. Now you try to assemble together in the same spirit as you were doing, and in that case, temple or no temple, your movement will go on progressively. We are not much concerned about the temple because temple worship is not primary factor in this age. Primary factor is Sankirtana. But sometimes we want a center where people may gather and see, so a temple is required secondarily. So try your best immediately to live together. I am very much eager to see that you are again living together.

Regarding your selling of BTG, we have taken a great risk of printing 20,000 copies per month, and before taking this risk, we consulted four different centers, and you all agreed. Now you try your best and the result will depend on Krishna's desire. So try to fill up your quota as far as possible. I will be in New Vrindaban till the end of June, and if I don't go to London then, I shall go to San Francisco to attend the Rathayatra Festival in July. Tamala Krishna is arranging for a grand scale performance of this years Festival. Regarding Sudama, he is now in Hawaii temple, and I don't think anyone should go to London unless you have got proper place to stay. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
