~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 1, 1969~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — June 1, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-06-01
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-01
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : June 1
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 29, 1969, and I am glad to note that our temple activities are effecting good results. The boys and girls from the neighborhood coming to help the temple activities is the good result of our attempts. The temple center is started just to present example to the neighboring residents how they can make a small temple in each and every home. It is not necessary that hundreds and thousands of people will live in our temple, but if we can make effective propaganda, then the neighboring residents, householders, will be inclined to be initiated and follow the modes of temple life. So you encourage the visitors, boys and girls as well as married couples, to understand the value of life and how they can peacefully and happily live if they follow the routine worship method in the temple and establish this in their home to be happy in all respects. Krishna Consciousness Movement is actually an attempt to make all people happy generally and, becoming liberated in this life from material contamination, they'll be thus eligible to enter into the Kingdom of God after quitting this body.

I am very glad to know that one rich Indian, Mr. Raj Anand, is prepared to contribute some money for our temple activities. Of course your idea that when I go I shall talk with him and get some big contribution from the Indian community is all right. But my mission will be more successful if the Americans construct a temple, although we have no distinction as to American or Indian; anyone can do it. The best thing will be that since you are trying for a better place, why not try to purchase a nice church if it is available, or a big land within reach of the city with some old hutments. If you find such a place, then you can ask the Indian gentleman to pay for the down payment amount, which may be 10 or 20 thousand dollars. Then we will arrange for the monthly payments. Or if you think it best to wait until my arrival and then hold a meeting of the Indians, making him the chief guest, that is also nice idea.

Your idea of using the Moose Hall is also very nice. During the Rathayatra Ceremony, you invite Mrs. Sumitra Sarkar, who last year reported our Rathayatra Ceremony to India. She is the daughter of the editor of __Jugantar,__ an important paper in Calcutta. I think you should invite her in some Los Angeles Festival also. Her present address is: Barnes 3/G, Escondido Village, Standford, California 94305. If you keep good relationship with this lady, she can help us reporting nicely about our activities. If our Los Angeles people see her for reviewing our books in their Indian papers, that will be also nice. Her great-grandfather, Mahatma Sisir Kumar Ghosh was a great devotee of Lord Caitanya, and their whole family is in favor of Sankirtana Movement. So if you can establish a little intimacy with this lady, she can help us in many ways.

The program with Allan Ginsberg sounds very nice, because when Mr. Ginsberg and myself were present in the Ohio State University, it was a grand success. The assembly was more than one thousand people, but you say that you will take a place which can accommodate five thousand people, so it will be a great grand success. I have seen the pictures of your recent Festival, and it is very, very nice. I have enjoyed the pictures so nicely that I am looking always to them; although I have seen three, four times, still I am not satisfied. It is very nice. In all Festivals, if you make such puppet show, then you will be able to attract so many people. Anyway, I can understand things are going very nicely in your temple, and Krishna is giving you good intelligence. So I wish that you will live for hundred years and execute this Krishna Movement so that in this very life you shall enter into the abode of Krishna. As soon as one's service is recognized by Krishna, he is immediately called, "Please come here." That is the verdict of the Vedic literature. So we should work in such a nice way that we can draw the attention of Krishna to call us. You will find in __Bhagavad-gita__ that anyone who takes the task of preaching Krishna Consciousness is the dearmost devotee of the Lord.

Please convey my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Keep extra money in saving a/c.
