~~Title: Letter to: Gopala Krsna — June 5, 1969~~
~~bc: Gopala Krsna — June 5, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gopala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-06-05
showdate_hidden  : 2020-06-05
To_letters       : Gopala Krsna
Date_letter      : June 5
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

Dear Gopala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated May 29, 1969. I have already sent your beads duly chanted upon, and I hope you will be happy in Krishna Consciousness always. As you are a very nice, good soul, Krishna will certainly bless you with all benedictions. It doesn't matter whether or not you remain in this part of the world or in India. Wherever you remain you chant Hare Krishna regularly, and your example may be followed by others. The world needs this benefit, and when you return to India there are so many ways you can convince your parents that to take to Krishna Consciousness does not mean one has to give up his worldly affairs. I know in India there are many foolish persons who think that by reading __Bhagavad-gita__ one is apt to renounce this world. This is completely foolishness. Arjuna was a family man, a soldier, and he was directly taught the principles of __Bhagavad-gita,__ but he never renounced the world nor the battlefield. I do not know why there are certain crazy men who think like that, that if a man becomes devotee, he will have no more interest in worldly affairs. We are not Mayavadi; we do not state that the world is false. We say that if Krishna is truth, the world is also truth because the world is a manifestation of Krishna's energy. So if Krishna is true, how His energy can be false? The Mayavadis preach so-called monism, but they always distinguish brahma and maya. They say brahma is true, maya is false. We say maya is true, and because it is Krishna's energy, she must be employed in Krishna's service. That is our philosophy.

So far your parents are concerned, I have received another letter from a friend of your parents whose name is Bhartendu Vimal. I am enclosing this letter for you to read. Your father has induced him to ask me not to initiate you. This gentleman came to see me in San Francisco. He might be some congressman, and at the expense of the government he was making some so-called cultural tour. The government is interested to send anyone for dancing or recitation of poetry, but when the government is requested for giving some facilities for preaching Krishna consciousness, they will not encourage. On the other hand they encourage publications in which Krishna is depicted as black and low-born. This is the position of our government.

I am glad that your parents are interested in __Bhagavad-gita__ and Lord Krishna, and when you return to India you make them understand Krishna philosophy very nicely. I am also pleased to learn that when you marry, you will marry a girl who is a worshipper of Lord Krishna and who agrees to follow the four basic principles strictly. I am so please to learn that you have appreciated our aratrik song, "kiba jaya jaya gorachander". You have voluntarily offered to do something when you return to India, and the best project will be to work there as representative of this Krishna Consciousness Movement. In my opinion, India is going down by giving up this original cultural life which is its own. The government is enamored by the glittering civilization of the West, and it was a definite policy of our late prime minister, Mr. Nehru, who wanted to see India overnight as rich and materially advanced as America. It was, of course, Gandhi's policy to concentrate his organization in village life, taking to simple life and cow protection. But just after Mahatma Gandhi's disappearance, his chief disciple, Pandit Nehru, planned for up-to-date organized cow-slaughter house. So this is our position. If you have understood Krishna Consciousness science, then you will try to revive this cultural life in India. Of course so long I shall live I shall give you all assistance. But if you concentrate your energy in a city like Bombay for propagating Krishna Consciousness amongst the younger generation, as I am doing here in the Western World, it will be great service to Krishna and to your country. I have already asked you to think on the project how you can push on our books and literature. I cannot suggest any other alternatives, but if you can execute this will of mine, I shall remain ever-obliged to you.

You are welcome to write to me as often as possible, and it is my duty to give you right instructions. Try to follow them and you will be happy. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
