---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — June 13, 1969",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — June 13, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — June 13, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Krsna dasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-06-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-06-13
To_letters       : Krsna dasa
Date_letter      : June 13
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated June 6, 1969, and I thank you very much for your submissive feelings. They are just appropriate for an advancing Vaisnava. Please keep yourself in this nice attitude and Krishna will bless you.

Regarding registration of the society, you can simply translate our New York registration form into German and submit it to the court clerk, depositing the requisite fees, and I think that will finish the registration problem. If the police do not allow you to perform kirtana in public places, do not disobey their orders. Try to abide by the law of the state for taking advantage of performing kirtana as far as possible.

Regarding your father's suspicion, you should not keep him in suspicion. As you are working in apprenticeship for jewelry work, you should continue that occupation, and even if your father comes and sees that you are engaged in your occupation as well as looking after management of the temple, he will not be displeased. I can understand from your attitude that your father must be good gentleman, otherwise how could he have such a nice son? So there is no need of playing hide-and-seek. If you continue learning the jeweler's trade, he will not be displeased. Besides that, some of our men must work, otherwise it is difficult to maintain all the expenses in the European countries.

Regarding Sivananda's plan to go to Paris, it may be suspended till I request him to do so. In the meantime I have received information from London that they have secured a nice house at the cost of $400 per month, so they want me to go there by the end of July. In the meantime, if you think my presence in Hamburg will help your organization, I can go there for a few days. But I do not know what is your financial condition. So if you are serious to call me, you can let me know by return of post. I have received a letter from Mandali Bhadra that they are positively going there on the 27th of June. Regarding the conch shell that was donated, it is welcome. You can use it in the temple.

Please convey my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
