~~Title: Letter to: Vibhavati — June 12, 1969~~
~~bc: Vibhavati — June 12, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Vibhavati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Vibhavati
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-06-12
showdate_hidden  : 2022-06-12
To_letters       : Vibhavati
Date_letter      : June 12
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Vibhavati,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your nice letter dated June 7, along with your article published in the __Montreal Star__ on the same day. Everything appears to be very nice, and your service in this connection is recognized. You have done a great service by meeting with Mr. John Lennon. He is an influential man, and at least you have been able to publicize our Krishna Consciousness Movement in a way that the people will understand that the Beatles are interested. In London, Mr. George Harrison is also inclined to this movement and to our disciples, and recently a letter from Syamasundara conveyed Mr. Harrison's respectful obeisances unto me. Mr. John Lennon is anxious for peace in the world, so also is everyone anxious for peace in the world, but it should be known how that peace can be attained. If we keep the human society as it is, there is no possibility of peace. It is not a question of simply accepting God as the center of everything and peace will be achieved, but the question is how to live in God. Mr. Lennon wants to stop war, but the war is the creation of different politicians. So unless on the summit of administration there are actually Krishna Conscious men, we cannot stop war. Therefore people in general must understand the importance of Krishna Consciousness, and they must in this democratic day send their real representatives who can make right decisions whether there should be war or no war. We find from the history of __Mahabharata__ that the battle of Kuruksetra was because of the belligerent attitude of Duryodhana. So such war as is was conducted under the advice of Lord Krishna is not bad, but war declared and executed by demonic politicians is certainly very bad. A Krishna conscious person like Arjuna is not inclined to the activities of warfare, but when there is a necessity for peace in the world to educate men to become Krishna Conscious, a Krishna Conscious person does not lag behind. Therefore the first necessity for peace in the world is to instruct men how to become Krishna Conscious, because as soon as one becomes Krishna Conscious all the good qualities in human society are manifested. So if it is possible that the party of Mr. Lennon and Mr. Harrison cooperate with this Krishna Consciousness Movement, I am sure we shall be able to stop all this nonsensical war.

I think by this time, by your sincere practice, you have come to this conclusion that a Krishna Conscious situation is the only means for peace and happiness. I am very glad to see your sarcastic remark in the article where you write, "cigarette smoke hangs heavy in the air." The leaders of the peace movement must be all men of character, and to raise such men of character there must be the four regulative principles; namely, no illicit sex-life, no meat-eating, no gambling, and no intoxication. According to Vedic civilization, these four principles must be followed by persons desiring spiritual advancement of life, persons who want to be public leaders and persons who want to be highly intellectual for understanding God and His creation. So I am very much hopeful of Mr. John Lennon because he has several times chanted the word, Krishna.

Now both you and your husband were eager to start for England, so you can now arrange for going there. I have received one letter from Syamasundara that they are soon to occupy a nice house, so you can immediately open correspondence with him. His present address is Syamasundara Das Adhikari, 11 Balham Park Road, London SW 12, ENGLAND. If you have the money, you can immediately start. Their place can accommodate twenty or thirty men, and as they are making very elaborate effort for spreading Krishna Consciousness in London, they require help from brahmacaris, grhasthas, etc. So I think if you go there, not only you shall be assisting them, but you can further talk with Mr. John Lennon how actually peace in the world can be established on the above principles.

I understand that both you and Isana das are very sincere souls, so in the future I hope you both will be a great asset in preaching this Krishna Consciousness Movement. I thank you once again for your letter. Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
