---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — June 24, 1969",
    "h1":"Upendra — June 24, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — June 24, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Upendra ======

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated June 23, 1969. I have reached Los Angeles yesterday afternoon, and I am very comfortable here. The house is very nice, calm and quiet. Yes, for the present my program is to stay here for one month, but if I do not go to London, then I shall stay longer. Surely I shall go to San Francisco to take part in the Rathayatra Festival if I do not go to London. But I also want to see you, if possible, before the Rathayatra Festival. So far as your duty is concerned, you are doing your best. That is your spiritual qualification. The best qualification for a Vaisnava is to act sincerely, and to his best capacity, for the service of Krishna. Otherwise, Krishna is so great, and we are so small, there is no question of our giving any service to Krishna. But Krishna is so great, and He is so greatly merciful, that any small service we offer to Him in devotion and sincerity He will accept. Krishna does not require anyone's help or service, but if we serve Him, even in a very small capacity, He will accept it. So that is our only hope. One who can show the whole cosmic manifestation within the hole of His mouth, what service can we render unto Him? So the best thing is to employ all of our talents and energies in His service. That will help us to progress. So now Seattle is in your charge for introducing Krishna Consciousness, and you are doing your best. Krishna will surely bless you.

I beg to thank you very much for your check, and I appreciate that you are the only center who is regularly sending for my maintenance fund. Another request is that now I shall try to publish all of my books. We have arranged for purchasing a nice Composer machine, and also we are going to immediately print 10,000 copies of __TLC__ in paperback. Our sales are not going very quickly, so under the circumstances, if we want to continue publishing our books, we shall require money as much as possible. Therefore, whenever you have got some extra money, you may kindly spare it for the book fund.

I hope to see you again when you come here, or else in San Francisco. The pictures you formerly sent are going to be printed in __BTG.__ I have advised Brahmananda of this and have delivered him the pictures. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
