---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — June 3, 1969",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — June 3, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — June 3, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Syamasundara ======

London

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 29, 1969, and I have noted the contents. I am very glad that the Queen has consented the Redundant Churches Bill, and there is good chance of getting one church for our temple. There are many redundant churches because the Christian people are gradually deviating from their religious beliefs on account of stereotype presentation of the Bible by sophisticated priests. Modern youths are educated in advance, so they are no more interested in repetition of the same static mottos. They want something dynamic, progress in spiritual understanding, but the Christian priests could not satisfy them. In comparison to all these dogmatic principles, our KC movement presents everything in the right perspective, even from scientific and philosophical point of view. So if you can secure one church in England for utilizing in our movement, I think we shall be able to secure many such churches all over the world. We have great respect for Lord Jesus Christ. We accept him as powerful incarnation of Krishna, as much as we accept Lord Buddha. We can adjust the Buddhists, Christians, and even the Mohammedans to our KC movement, so if the religious heads of these faiths try to understand our philosophy, certainly there will be great impetus in the matter of spiritual rejuvenation of the world. So try to convince the Archbishop of Canterbury and implore him to give us this chance of spreading God-Consciousness in the world's greatest city, London. If my presence is required, I am prepared to go at any moment within the month of June, because I am thinking of going to San Francisco in July for Rathayatra which Tamala Krishna is arranging. This Festival was successful in San Francisco in the years 1967 and 68 because of your presence there, so now they are feeling your absence, but they are courageous to do it successfully somehow or other. Tamala has called Nara Narayana to do carpentry work, so he will be going there. So I shall see Rathayatra either in SF or in London. If arrangement is made to call me to London I will go there as first preference. So as you let me know the day to day progress, and if this progress is suitable, then I shall go to London.

Regarding brahmacaris, two may go there immediately, but how will transportation be arranged? They may also be required to arrange for money deposited in the bank to show the immigration department. That is one impediment, and also you yourselves are all scattered, so how shall you accommodate them? Your work is already hampered by no suitable living places, so if two more join you, what is the benefit? Another point is that what is the difficulty of the newcomers getting trained by you who are all elderly members. From other centers, practically every day someone sends his beads, along with letter of appreciation and some money for initial expenses. I chant on his beads and return them to him as initiated student. Why don't you follow this same principle? If these boys are serious, let them be initiated, and follow the rules, and whatever guidance you can give them they should accept. It is not good idea to invite brahmacaris for training some other brahmacaris in London when there are six already present there. If you cannot train them, how can you take it for granted that someone from here can? Training is not imposition. It is voluntary accept by the trainee. Anyway, when you secure a larger place to accommodate everyone, you will have as many brahmacaris as you want, and I shall arrange for that. I can send even Purusottama, who is personally assisting me, provided it helps your propaganda there. Similarly I can ask Subala or someone else, so that is not a problem.

Regarding Mataji, I have noted your remarks, and actually we do not want to create a group of prakrta sahajiya, or devotees who do not know the science of Krishna and do not know the science of devotion, but simply worship the Deity with no depth of knowledge. That is called materialistic devotee, but it is also not rejected. It is a beginning, but a preacher must be above this. Anyway, keep friendship with her. She is trying to love Krishna and that is good. Why not ask her to help you perform the Rathayatra? If she can give financial help, all other help will come. Please thank Malati for her nice letter of May 30th. If you can please take quotation from some Holland printer how much they will charge to print a book exactly like __TLC__ we can utilize this information. I hope you are well and await your reply.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
