~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — July 16, 1969~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — July 16, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-07-16
showdate_hidden  : 2021-07-16
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : July 16
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter, one undated, and the others dated July 12th and 14th, 1969. Regarding the house on 43rd Street, I think you have made the correct decision in not taking this place during the summer because now you have so much Sankirtana activities to devote your energy to, and things are improving gradually as you are now performing your activities. So now you devote your time to Sankirtana Party and the Book Department. I have been taking price quotations from various printers in Los Angeles, and it does not look very hopeful at all that they will be able to compete with our other prices from New York, so as you have requested to be in charge of all aspects of our book publication, I think you are very qualified for this, so please do it very nicely with the help of the others. Regarding your plan for advertising membership in BTG, that is nice. I do not see how we can insist that all members must follow the four regulative principles, but this is certainly our recommendation to anyone who is serious about pursuing Krishna Consciousness.

So far as United Shipping is concerned, there is no use of us now utilizing letters of credit, because they are now accustomed to dealing with us more suitably. So they should now send documents through the bank, and we shall pay for them upon receipt of these documents. That will be the best means of dealing with them now. Regarding __BTG,__ if London is unable to sell as much as we had expected, then don't have them sent directly there from Japan anymore. As they require you may dispatch their order to them. I understand that Hawaii is a very nice place for selling __BTG,__ so you may open correspondence with Gaurasundara to see if he can purchase 5,000 copies monthly for $750. If you can increase the number of copies to 25,000 monthly, that is the nicest idea, and then you will get 25% less for discount on these extra 5,000 copies. We want to distribute as many issues of BTG as possible, so the more you can print and distribute, the more my Guru Maharaja will be pleased to see His Great Dream being fulfilled. Regarding our boys doing the binding work on the books, if there is only saving of less than $800, then I think that they shall be able to collect more funds by begging. So which ever way will be more practical you should do it. But I think if the boys can make the same or greater amount by collecting on the street and by working, then they should continue in this way. I am surprised to learn that some of Krishna's money, $250, was misplaced and was found by you simply lying around. So from now on no money should be kept where it will be misplaced. Better is that all cash money should be deposited immediately in the bank so there will be no chance of losing it. This Sankirtana Party and our Book Department are very, very important; they are our right and left hands, so everything should be done very carefully and in remembrance that this is Krishna's business that we are executing. Because we are doing Krishna's business does not mean that we should be less careful, but it means we should be much more careful than someone who is performing activities simply for sense gratification. So instruct the boys in that way.

Regarding land in India, I am corresponding with Acyutananda in this connection, and let us see how things develop. There is no need of you corresponding with him directly in this connection. Gargamuni has arrived here safely yesterday, and already he and Tamala Krishna are making plans to open 108 centers within a three year period. So I very much appreciate how my disciples are taking this movement to their heart of hearts, and are working very sincerely to propagate it. Another thing is, you may negotiate with the First National City Bank where I have got my account as to how we may start an account in their Calcutta Branch in the name of our International Society for Krishna Consciousness. We are doing so much business with India now, so if we can manage payment in American dollars, it will prevent all difficulties with the Reserve Bank. So please do this and inform me of your activities in this connection.

Please convey my blessings to the others, I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
