---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — July 29, 1969",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — July 29, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — July 29, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-07-29
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-29
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : July 29
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. While I was in San Francisco I received your letter dated July 25, 1969. The most important point is whether you shall give up your present job, which is bringing at least $125 per week. You cannot give up your job on Murari's request. You have to think yourself. You are more sober than Murari. Simply for whipping into shape some new young boys I do not find any substantial reason to give up your job. You can give instruction to Murari so that he being experienced amongst the group can conduct the job in your absence. You say that in the severe cold there will be no possibility of going out. If others can work at that time, why should you give up your work at this time? My only point is that if you can manage all the affairs through the assistance of Murari and others, you may not give up your job. But if your presence improves the situation, I have no objection for your quitting your present job. Nothing should be done impelled by any sentiment. Everything should be judged frm the practical point of view. My decisive advice is that if you can manage without giving up your present job, that is very nice.

I am so glad to learn that you have opened a separate savings account for your daily collections. I have received the transcription of tape #16. You are doing very nicely and improving your editorial capability. Krishna Consciousness is so nice, the more we execute it, the more we become advanced. Yes, I have not as yet received Giriraja's contribution to my book fund, and as you have said, the money can be deposited to my account.

The Krsna paintings Jadurani is doing now may be very nicely done very colorfully, and kept in your custody. She may pick up the ideas for pictures from the transcriptions of the tapes. In this way, when the book and pictures are ready we shall arrange for publication. As soon as 500 pages are ready by your typewriting we shall print the first part immediately. So both you and your wife have got very good opportunity for serving Krishna. Make both of your lives sublime, and teach others also how to live by your exemplary life. I have received one long letter from Lilavati, and I shall reply as soon as possible.

The last point is that I am not very much in favor of your giving up this service, but if you think it proper, that it will be beneficial for propagating our Sankirtana Movement, then you can do it. The idea in the Nectar of Devotion is explained that we should accept everything which is favorable in propagating our Krsna Consciousness. If something is unfavorable, then we shall give it up immediately. That should be our motto of life.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. The Rathayatra festival was very successful in S.F. I am awaiting report of your festival in Boston. ACB The London advertisement is enclosed herewith.
