---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Goursundar — July 13, 1969",
    "h1":"Goursundar — July 13, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Goursundar — July 13, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Goursundar ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Goursundar
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-07-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-13
To_letters       : Goursundar
Date_letter      : July 13
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Goursundar,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of July 9, 1969 along with the copy of the article, and I have noted that your new address is Box 1684, Sunset Beach, Hawaii. I think it is Krishna's desire that you would vacate the former building and go to the hippy quarters. Actually, the hippies are our best customers. Almost all of our important disciples are recruited from that group, and you are also from that group. So actually we should try to serve the hippy group more than others because there is great potency of recruiting Krishna Consciousness devotees from them. You will be pleased to know that one hippy girl named Chris who came to see me in your apartment is now living in our Los Angeles temple and doing very nicely. So if you make propaganda amongst the hippy group simply by our standard method; Sankirtana, reading some portion of Bhagavad-gita, and distributing prasadam, then I am sure the quarters in which you have now shifted will be very much prospective. Besides that, it is a beach and the atmosphere is very nice. So by the Grace of Krishna do it nicely, husband and wife combined. That will be a good example. I was so much pleased with Govinda Dasi and with you also when I heard about her spirited preaching and your tolerance like Nityananda Prabhu. May Lord Caitanya and Nityananda Prabhu bestow Their blessing upon you, and don't be deterred in any circumstances. Serve Krishna with serious attempt. Your article is very nice and gradually you shall improve. Go on writing. It is my policy to publish as many as possible of articles by my disciples. BTG should contain news of our temples, articles, pictures of our activities, etc. The bunch of pictures you have sent have been forwarded to Brahmananda for publication.

Regarding __BTG,__ I am so glad to learn that your center will be a good distributing place. Do you think that you shall be able to distribute 3,000 copies? Then I shall ask Japan to deliver the copies directly to you. We are charging from different centers $750 for 5,000 copies of __BTG.__ Similarly, for 3,000 copies you have to pay proportionately, and the marginal profit will be 25 cents to 35 cents per copy. So even if you make 25 cents profit, and you can sell 3,000, that means about $750 to $1,000 profit. If you pay $750 per month, you get 5,000 copies, and by selling only 1,500 copies you realize your investment money, and you have 3,500 more copies to distribute. So we have to calculate business like that. If you think you can sell 3,000 copies, I shall notify Japan to send them directly to you.

I am always thinking of Govinda Dasi. Although she is young and delicate almost always suffering from some ailment, still she is so sincere devotee and spirited preacher that I have named her Heroine Govinda Dasi. May Krishna bless you both and be happy in the preaching work of Krishna Consciousness. Gradually convert the Hawaii Islands into New Navadvipa Dham. I am sure you can do it if you go on preaching with the same present spirit and enthusiasm.

I hope this will meet you in good health. Please convey my blessings to the others.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
