~~Title: Letter to: Yamuna — July 3, 1969~~
~~bc: Yamuna — July 3, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-07-03
showdate_hidden  : 2021-07-03
To_letters       : Yamuna
Date_letter      : July 3
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated June 28, 1969, and I am very glad that Krishna has after all given you a nice place to remain in London and spread Krishna Consciousness with more enthusiasm. Your successful meeting in Oxford is also very encouraging. There is a verse in __Caitanya Caritamrta__ in which Krsna dasa Kaviraja says that the whole world is busy to enjoy or to suffer by their respective results of karma, pious or impious, from past life. So in this material world, somebody is enjoying material life in some higher planet and somebody is suffering some material inconveniences in some lower planets. But they do not know that suffering or no suffering, this material existence itself is not at all congenial to the living entity. In the Western countries, Europe and America, they appear to be enjoying life in the view of the Eastern people, and therefore they hear so much about the opulences in the different universities and towns of the Western countries. But actually, they have no knowledge how to get out of the material entanglement. The only bona fide engagement is Krishna Consciousness for the all around benefit of the human society. That is a fact.

So now we have got very great responsibility to spread this message all over the world, and in London you have got now a good chance to preach in the most important city of the world. Decorate the place very nicely, as far as possible. Your idea for holding the Vyasa Puja Ceremony in London on the 5th of September is very much encouraging. On the 4th September is Janmastami Day, and I have received one letter from Syamasundara in which he suggested that we should have our installation on that day. This is a good idea. On the 4th we open formally the temple, and on the 5th is my birthday, or your Vyasa Puja ceremony. So this idea is welcome. A special Vyasa Puja issue of BTG may be done, and you may open correspondence with Brahmananda, because publication of __BTG__ will now be conducted by Iskcon Book Dept., and __BTG__ will be under the supervision of Brahmananda and Hayagriva. Rayarama das Brahmacari is called by me to live with me here to engage in editorial work, so you may correspond with Brahmananda in this connection.

Regarding Mataji Syamadevi, she wanted to give us some pairs of Deities, but since she has left the USA she has not mentioned what she is going to do. So you can ask her straightly whether she is going to contribute the 24" Deities. If not, then we shall have to arrange for that. In any case, if Mataji does not contribute the Deities, I shall take with me some Deities when I go to London. In the meantime, Syamasundara may prepare the nice throne of which I have given him the design.

I have received one letter from Mukunda, giving description of various engagements in London when I go there, and the most important is seeing the Archbishop of Canterbury. I have already sent one note for the Archbishop to be presented through some friend, perhaps Mr. George Harrison, as it was suggested by Mukunda.

You are trying to love Krishna, following the footsteps of Mother Yasoda, and this is very nice. We should not think in the way of Mayavadi philosophers. The Mayavadis think that they have themselves become Krishna. Similarly, if we think that we are Mother Yasoda, that will be the same philosophy. You should aspire to follow the footsteps of Mother Yasoda and Love Krishna in maternal affection.

Please convey my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

FROM: A.C. BHAKTIVEDANTA SWAMI

737 North Formosa Avenue

Los Angeles, California 90048
