---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — October 15, 1969",
    "h1":"Jayagovinda — October 15, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — October 15, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayagovinda ======

My dear Jaya Govinda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 15th, 1969 and the copy of __Zuruck Zur Gottheit.__ I had received another copy of this issue and I think I had acknowledged receipt. Anyway, now there is a second copy; that is all right. In the meantime Kulasekhara has gone to Germany along with his wife to assist you. Of course, weakness in Krishna Consciousness we should always feel. That is a good symptom. We should never think that we are strong enough. But the source of strength is Krishna and His manifest representative, the Spiritual Master. We get this instruction from __Caitanya-caritamrta__ that we receive the seed of Krishna Consciousness through the Spiritual Master and Krishna. Therefore, we should serve both simultaneously for continuous supply of spiritual vitality. So you are now serving Krishna under the instruction of your Spiritual Master, so there will be no scarcity of supply of strength unless there is some weakness on your part in the matter of absolute faith in these two shelters. So if you have still some doubts in pinching your faith in the service of your Spiritual Master and Krishna, then you can clear it up. I am always prepared to assist you.

When you came from India to Germany you told me that you felt complete satisfaction being in Germany, having a good engagement for serving Krishna. But at present you express that you may not be feeling that satisfaction intact. If you would explain to me why you are feeling like that, then I can help you. We are trying to manage a great institution of Krishna Consciousness Movement, so there is possibility of adjusting so many circumstances. But in all circumstances we should have our staunch faith in Krishna and the Spiritual Master. Then we will never be shaken off. I hope this boy, Kulasekhara, will be much helpful in your department and you will feel more strength in pushing on this German edition of __BTG.__ There is a proveb in Sanskrit literature that enthusiastic persons achieve the favor of the Goddess of Fortune. In the Western part of the world there is tangible example of this slogan. People in this part of the world are very much enthusiastic in material advancement and they have got it. Similarly, according to the instructions of Srila Rupa Goswami, if we become enthusiastic in spiritual matters, then we also get success in that way. Take for example, I came to your country in ripe old age, but I had one asset: enthusiasm and faith in my Spiritual Master. I think these assets only are giving me some lights of hope, whatever I have achieved so far with your cooperation. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
