~~Title: Letter to: Satsvarupa — October 15, 1969~~
~~bc: Satsvarupa — October 15, 1969~~

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-10-15
showdate_hidden  : 2022-10-15
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : October 15
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Tittenhurst
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 10, 1969 with the deeds enclosed. I do not understand the technical language, but I can follow that there is a property in the name of the society. Yes, Krishna is the Proprietor of not only this property, but all the properties of all the universes. He is the Supreme Enjoyer of everything, and He is the most Beloved, Sincere Friend of everybody. That is a fact. People do not know it or they have forgotten it, and our Krishna Consciousness Movement is trying to understand this philosophy and make others understand it. So you are a sincere devotee of Krishna and He has given you a great opportunity of service, perhaps #1 in all the centers. You are the only pioneer center who possess your own property and press. I am so glad to learn that things are going on nicely and Krishna is giving you good income also. Please therefore manage things very nicely, both husband and wife and other assistants. You are also very fortunate to have an assistant like Giriraja. This boy has so quickly taken up the Krishna Consciousness cause and I am very much pleased with his behavior. Now Advaita should be assisted by some other intelligent man. Jadurani should be given sufficient space for her painting work, assisted by other artists. And Giriraja is the right leader of Sankirtana Party. I am sorry that Murari has left. Pray to Krishna that he may come back again soon. Yes, this Uher tape recorder is very nice. It can act both as tape recorder and dictaphone also. It has got exactly the same speed for direct typewriting, but because you have not got a tape recorder that plays at this dictaphone speed, we send you higher speed tapes.

In BTG the rasa lila episode cannot be published. We are writing on the activities of Krishna and __rasa lila__ is one of the most important Pastimes of His transcendental activities. Therefore it must be published in the book, but it cannot be published in any public paper. That is the instruction of my Guru Maharaja. Actually, __rasa lila__ means to curb down the lusty propensities of the conditioned soul. Unfortunately, it acts differently on the conditioned soul if he is not prepared to understand what is Krishna. So do not try to print this.

Yes, I am very much anxious to go to Boston as soon as possible, but at the same time I want to see London center well established. Since I have come here Krishna has given us our permanent place which was in dispute at 7, Bury Place. It is very well situated, and perhaps London center will also come out very successful in the near future. The Hare Krishna record is going on in England nicely, and I heard that in Australia it stands 4th on the list of 50 important records.

I have heard also from Brahmananda that he plans to spend 3 days per week at Boston, but I have also heard that during his absence 3 devotees have left the temple. So things should be managed so nicely that our devotees may not leave us. We get a devotee after great endeavour, and we must train such devotee in a nice way so that he may not go back and be at large in the clutches of Maya. I think I shall visit Boston in December surely, if not in November, and I shall let you know the exact time and date. As you are talking of myself that I am your only shelter, similarly I am always thinking that you all boys and girls are only my hopes. When I was first in Boston in the same Commonwealth Port I was thinking how I shall be able to establish my mission in this country. Now, by Krishna's Grace, the time has come when I see Boston is the first center and in Boston we have got so many nice devotees.

Please offer my blessings to all the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Ask Dayananda to write me. He is so nice boy and I want to hear from him. Recently I got one letter from Nandarani. She is so nice as her husband.
