---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — October 29, 1969",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — October 29, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — October 29, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gargamuni
ListDate_hidden  : 1969-10-29
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-29
To_letters       : Gargamuni
Date_letter      : October 29
Year_letter      : 1969
Place_letter     : Tittenhurst
----

My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 17, and October 24, 1969 and have noted the contents carefully. I am glad that you have deposited $2,000 in my savings accounts. Regarding your business and spiritual practices, I give you special permission as follows: You find out of 24 hours at least one hour conveniently for chanting Hare Krishna with great attention, either by the Deities or any place, without being disturbed by anyone else. So you have 23 hours for other things. Now these 23 hours, whatever you do in them, either eating or working or sleeping, you always try to think of Krishna. That will keep you intact of Krishna Consciousness. If one is always careful about falling down and prays to Krishna that he may not fall down on account of greater strength of Maya, then Krishna will give him special protection. This was advised to Arjuna by Krishna Himself. Arjuna was a great fighter, statesman, and at the same time a great devotee. A statesman and military commander has very little time to perform the routine work of devotional service, but Krishna advised him especially to be engaged in his occupational duty, and at the same time always be thinking of Krishna. This is the secret of not being a victim of Maya. Rayarama's case is different. He definitely denied my instructions. I asked him to come to me and live with me, and he definitely denied. So this denial is cause of his temporary suspension of devotional life, but if he has executed devotional service in the past sincerely, I think he cannot go back.

Regarding Spiritual Sky business, I am very happy to learn that it is making very nice progress and you are getting demand. Do it nicely, and as already agreed, you can use the profit exclusively for opening branches. The sales which an individual center makes by selling incense may be employed for temple expenditures. Similarly, Los Angeles also can employ it for this purpose. But so far as Spiritual Sky business is concerned, done by you, this profit should be set aside in a different account reserved for expanding branches. When you do business you should do it business-like. We should not neglect any minute part of it, but at the same time we shall think of Krishna, seeking His protection. The living example is the Gopis. They were householder wives, young girls having children to feed, carrying out the order of superiors; father-in-law, mother-in-law, sister-in-law, satisfying the whims of the husband, executing so many household duties from morning to night. Still they practiced in such a way Krishna Consciousness that they did not forget even for a second Krishna. While mopping the floor, while washing the dishes, while milking the cow, while feeding the baby, while taking with friends, while cooking in the kitchen they were always thinking of Krishna. You will find all these descriptions in our book __Krsna__ how they remained compact in thought of Krishna. So this is the highest ideal of Krishna Consciousness, and we should try to follow their footsteps. Everyone has to adjust things in his particular way, but I again repeat that at least one hour should be set aside for chanting the beads. I hope this will help you both ways and I pray to Krishna that He will give you all protection.

Regarding your keeping some Book Fund money aside for investments, that is all right. Regarding the documents from Bina Musical Instruments, I have received note that they are expecting to ship the goods by the 20th, and as soon as they get the shipping documents they will deposit in the bank and take payment. Unless the documents are presented the bank will not pay.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
