---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — October 18, 1969",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — October 18, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — October 18, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 12, 1969 along with the copy of the West Coast president's report of the meeting held at Berkeley. Gradually this meeting should develop into a committee of the West Coast presidents, and similarly there should be one for the East Coast, so in the future we can form a central governing body for the whole institution. Therefore the management should be done very cautiously so that everyone is satisfied in their autonomous managing capacity. Of course, the central point is the order of the Spiritual Master, and I am very glad that you are trying to give importance to this aspect of management. The difficulty is sometimes things are interpreted in a manner dovetailing one's own sense gratification. I have got this personal experience in my Guru Maharaja's institution. Different Godbrothers took the words of Guru Maharaja in different interpretations for sense gratification and the whole mission disrupted. This is still going on for the last 40 years without any proper settlement. I am always afraid of this crack, but I am sure if our aim is to serve Krishna sincerely and the Spiritual Master simultaneously, that will be our success. That means serve Krishna and the Spiritual Master simultaneously with equal faith and serious vow, and then success is sure. Yourself, Gargamuni, Brahmananda and the others are intelligent. You should always deal things so tactfully that people may not fall away. Every living being is important in Krishna Conscious service, and we must take all precautions that one may not fall away.

Regarding the booklet you and Gargamuni are sending, in the introductory portion signed by you and Gargamuni you have said that I am "personally instructing John Lennon and George Harrison in the yoga of ecstasy". This is not very satisfactory. Of course, George Harrison sometimes comes to see me and naturally I instruct him on the bhakti yoga. But the statement in the letter gives hint as if I have been invited by them for this. If this comes to their notice, they may take some objection which will not go to our credit. These things should not be publically advertised, and I do not know why this has been done. Anyway, if you have not distributed many of them, you just try to take out that portion which is not a fact.

Regarding purchasing of temples, if within our means and estimation it is possible, that is a good idea. The best example is Boston temple. They have taken responsibility for $1100/ per month, and by the Grace of Krishna they are now collecting at the rate of $120 per day. So if Berkeley is also in that position, they can take that risk. Similarly, San Francisco also, and I understand that both Hansadutta and Madhudvisa are doing nicely. So if the principle of Boston temple can be followed without over-burden and anxiety, that is very good. If they are also collecting daily average $100, they can take the risk of purchasing the house.

Regarding the World Sankirtana Party, that is my long-cherished idea, and I wish to see it fulfilled as soon as possible. But do not count on others. If somebody comes forward to help us, that is welcome. But if we at all take the job, we must take it on our own strength. For experimental sake, you can seek out for an agent who can arrange for our Sankirtana Party moving in all the states of America, and then we can think of touring all over the world.

Where is my Book Fund being kept? I think whatever money is received from the Book Fund or for my personal account may be immediately deposited in my savings account #12410 with the Equitable Savings Bank at Fairfax and Beverly, and monthly statements may be submitted to me how much you have deposited with the bank. Regarding movement of the members from one temple to another, I think the local president's permission is sufficient. Don't take too much load of individual administration. That will be unmanageable in the near future. I have also instructed Brahmananda in this way. I have also advised Brahmananda to ask for monthly reports, and similarly you may ask for monthly reports. That will be easier. I thank you so much for the new temples that are opening. Please conduct them nicely and enthuse the people to stick to the chanting of Hare Krishna Mantra and following the rules and regulations. Then they will be strong enough to manage things very nicely. Other things will be supplied by Krishna.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
