---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hayagriva — November 19, 1969",
    "h1":"Hayagriva — November 19, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Hayagriva — November 19, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hayagriva ======

7, Bury Place\\
London, WC 1\\
ENGLAND

My Dear Hayagriva, 

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your New Vrindaban newsletter copy dated November 11, 1969. I am so happy to learn that everything is going very nicely in New Vrindaban. Regarding BTG, please let me know definitely how many minimum copies will be required by you and Kirtanananda Swami for distribution and what is the difficulty of getting them. BTG is practically our vital line of existence. The more we distribute BTG the more we become stronger in our preaching program. In the meantime I have received a letter from Boston, informing me that the press is lying idle for want of printing matters. I have written one letter to Pradyumna, the copy of which is enclosed herewith, but I have received no reply as yet. So I do not know why the composing in Columbus is going so slowly. Before purchasing the machine, both you and I agreed and the girls also agreed that at least 20 pages would be composed by both Arundhuti and Shama Dasi. So what is the cause of the slow work? Will you kindly explain what is the difficulty there? If there is actually difficulty, then the machine may be transferred to Boston. There is a girl there now who can do the work. Now we want sufficient composing work. Otherwise, what is the use of our press? Please enlighten me in this connection by return mail and oblige.

Another thing is that practically Pradyumna is the only Sanskirt scholar in our society. Formerly he was happy to get some assistance from Harvard University in this connection, and practically he began his Sanskrit learning from Boston. Now, if Pradyumna and his wife move to Boston, I think that will be great help to the press. I am, of course, awaiting the reply from Pradyumna. In the meantime please enlighten me in all the above points because I am very much anxious about this matter.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

enclosures: one
