~~Title: Letter to: Yeager — January 21, 1970~~
~~bc: Yeager — January 21, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Yeager ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Yeager
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-01-21
showdate_hidden  : 2020-01-21
To_letters       : Yeager
Date_letter      : January 21
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Dear Sriman Yeager,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 20, 1969.

Upendra is now living with me and he has spoken very nicely about you so some way or other I understand you are interested in Krishna Consciousness and this is a good sign and opportunity. Please try to understand the philosophy with all your reason and faith; and as you have inquired from me I shall try my best to convince you in the subject.

Regarding your question that "the devotees are more kind than the Lord because they understand the purpose of the Lord," I may inform you that the Lord's advice to His devotee (pointing out to Arjuna) is that one should not speak about God-consciousness to a person who is neither a devotee nor has undergone any disciplinary methods. But a devotee sometimes takes the risk of approaching nondevotee rascals even at the cost of life. The best example is your Christian religion's Lord Jesus Christ. Lord Jesus Christ risked his life for speaking God-consciousness amongst a people who were fanatics. A similar incident is there in the action of Lord Nityananda.

Lord Nityananda, when passing on the street, saw a crowd of people howling at some incident, and on inquiry it was found that there were two rascals of the then name Jagai and Madhai. They were always disturbing people in drunken condition. Nityananda Prabhu thought it wise that these two brothers may be delivered so that Lord Caitanya's mercy could be well known all over the world. When Lord Nityananda approached them He was immediately hurt by violent attack. On this incident Lord Caitanya became very angry and He called for His Sudarsana cakra to kill these debauchees. Lord Nityananda then implored Lord Caitanya not to kill Jagai and Madhai but to save them. By this time Jagai and Madhai came to their senses and immediately they surrendered unto both the Lords and were delivered by the mercy of Lord Nityananda. So Lord Nityananda or Baladeva. is the original Spiritual Master, and such pure devotee sometimes takes the risk of life in order to reclaim a person who might have otherwise been rejected by the Lord. The devotee knows that the Lord wants all the fallen souls to come back to Home, and therefore the devotees always try to induce the conditioned souls to take to Krishna Consciousness by various ways and means. Therefore the conclusion is that a devotee is more kind than the Lord Himself.

By such advanced devotional service a devotee becomes quickly recognized by the Lord. That is also stated in the Bhagavad-gita. Actually, without the mercy of a devotee nobody can approach the Lord directly---and it is easier to get mercy of a devotee than to get mercy of the Lord. So therefore the most intelligent way of approaching God is to take shelter of a pure devotee.

Somehow or other if one can please a pure devotee of the Lord, such action means immediate satisfaction of the Lord, even though such a person is not officially qualified to receive the mercy of the Lord.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACB:m
