~~Title: Letter to: Ranadhira — January 24, 1970~~
~~bc: Ranadhira — January 24, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Ranadhira ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ranadhira
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-01-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-24
To_letters       : Ranadhira
Date_letter      : January 24
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Wheeling, West Virginia

My dear Ranadhira,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 21 January, 1970. I am so glad to learn that your New Vrndavana is now expanding with all good prospects. I also thank you very much for sending me a check on my maintenance account for $50.

The most encouraging news is that the school is being very nicely organized. Another encouraging thing is that Kirtanananda Maharaja has now taken up actually the work of a Sannyasi and is preaching outside our Krishna Consciousness cult with great enthusiasm.

Now you can remember your last year's crying for $300. I did not very much encourage that attitude because I thought it was that necessity is the mother of invention. Now you must be realizing how it was good for you that within one year you are purchasing two adjoining lands and everything is in advancing position. Now you have got a nice truck and the road is open directly from the main road on account of the side properties being purchased.

I thank you for sending me back the small book in Bengali which I was missing. Now you have this truck, and your activities will surely improve the expansion of our Vrndavana scheme. We shall hold our Janmastami ceremony in great pomp, and if by Krishna's Grace it is possible, I shall also go there. The cancelled check has no use for me, it was returned by the bank. Please do the preaching work more vigorously as Krishna has given you all facility.

The sixteen word Maha Mantra is nobody's invention. There are authorized mantras in the different Puranas which are Vedic authorities. Especially in the Kali Santara Upanisad it is stated that this sixteen word Maha Mantra is the Holy Name of the Supreme Brahma for the deliverance of the fallen souls. Caitanya Mahaprabhu chanted, Haridasa Thakura chanted 24 hours, all the Goswamis and Acaryas chanted, my Guru Maharaja chanted, and following all these footsteps we are also chanting. So they are authorized by disciplic succession, and all of us must chant at least 16 rounds daily to keep us fit on the Krishna Consciousness transcendental platform.

Amongst all our duties surely we must not forget to complete our sixteen rounds. We should not be carried away simply by the Krishna duties which is also regarded as good as chanting, but in all circumstances we shall not forget this duty.

I am very glad to learn that the small children are also increasing their dispositions and service attitude. Please get it recognized and increase the activities of the school more and more. All the devotees who desire to know may ask their questions to the elderly members but still they are open to write me for all their questions and there should not be any hesitation. I reply each and every letter that I receive, but sometimes it may be a little late due to pressure of work. But they should write; there is no checking. But it is better if simple questions are solved amongst yourselves in the Istagosthi class. Every one of you must regularly read our books at least twice---in the morning and evening, and automatically all questions will be answered.

I hope this will meet you all in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
