---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 22, 1970",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — January 22, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 22, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

Boston

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your three letters dated January 12, 13 and 17, 1970 respectively as well as the check for $149.36. Thank you very much.

Regarding the confidential letter, I may inform you that a Sannyasi has no connection with his family. That is legal. So at the present status, I have no legal obligation to my family. Before taking to Sannyas, what ever little money I had I have given to them. So I shall think over this matter once again and let you know.

Regarding Seattle letter, I have replied the same and the copy, as desired by you, is enclosed herewith. I have seen the Selective Service letter which is very encouraging. Now if our students strictly follow the chalked out plan; namely chanting 16 rounds daily, following the restrictive regulations and reading at least one chapter from our books, then automatically they become ordained ministers. One might be examined by anyone, outsider, and he will never fail the test. So you try to see that things are exacted according to the above plan. Then they are saved materially and spiritually both.

There was another letter from India, the World Fellowship of Religions; that I have replied duly. I am so glad that henceforward BTG will be published 50,000 per month and very soon, 100,000 per month. It is engladdening. I am so glad to know that ISKCON Press is going to make some profit, about $4,000, by doing some outside work. But one thing is still the boys require to improve. The printing must be professional, and BTG copy #31 is not to the Japanese standard. Of course, this is the first attempt by the boys. As far as technical work is concerned, that can be excused; but the quality of the paper is also not to the Japanese standard. So side by side we must keep ourself alive not to come down below the standard printers.

Regarding opening account in Boston: is there any branch of First National City Bank of New York? If not, then the present account in N.Y. should be continued. Another, separate account in same Boston bank where ISKCON has got its account may be opened. In that case you may send me the requisite papers. I want to continue the account in N.Y. because this account is coming down since I have stepped in your country, and sometimes the bank reference gives good facilities. Last time this bank's good reference resulted in my immigration visa without difficulty; otherwise we were struggling for it for three years.

Regarding George's giving us money: I have also received one telegram from Syamasundara, but actually there is no money until now. I shall be glad to know if there is any news from Mr. Klein actually.

Regarding the Indian complimentary copies; the following may be cancelled: Nos. 2, 4, 7, 17, 29, 33 and 37, and the following may be added:

His Holiness Srimat B.A. Paramahamsa Maharaja

P.O. Udala

Dist. Mayurbhanj

Orissa

Advocate, Supreme Court of India

Sri Barindra Kumar Ghosh M.A. LL. B.

57/2 Ekdalia Road

Calcutta-19

I am inquiring whether Nos. 22, 24, and 29 are regular subscribers, if not there is no need of sending them complimentary copies.

Enclosed please find one picture of Acyutananda which I would like for immediate publication in BTG with the following caption:

"Sriman Acyutananda das Brahmacari, who is now visiting Calcutta. We have got a very good friend enthusiastic in preaching Krishna Consciousness, Mr. B. K. Ghosh M.A. LL. B. He is himself a great admirer of Caitanya philosophy and he is holding Sankirtana meetings every Sunday in different places of Calcutta and suburbs. The above picture was taken in a meeting where Acyutananda Brahmacari spoke nicely on Krishna Consciousness philosophy under the presidency of Honorable Mr. Justice P. B. Mukherjee of the Calcutta high-court, he is sitting just on the left of Acyutananda das Brahmachari. So gradually a nice center of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness is growing with the prospect of headquarters at Mayapur, the birthsite of Lord Caitanya."

Also I may inform you that we have found out a very nice church in residential quarter; and we are negotiation with them, but they are asking price which is very exorbitant. We are trying to bargain, but I do not think it will come down near about $200,000, and the down payment is estimated near about $65,000. Gargamuni has said that he can secure utmost $25,000 and I shall be glad how much you can help them. Gargamuni of course does not like to take from my book fund, but if need be I will have to pay the balance.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
