~~Title: Letter to: Bhagavan — January 10, 1970~~
~~bc: Bhagavan — January 10, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhagavan
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-01-10
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-10
To_letters       : Bhagavan
Date_letter      : January 10
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Bhagavan das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 6, 1970 and I have noted the contents. I also thank you very much for your appreciation of my books and letters and for my speaking in the meetings. They are not my words, as I have repeatedly informed you that I am simply the bearer of the message from Lord Caitanya through the disciplic succession and I do not make any addition or subtraction. Similarly, if you all carry these words successively, then the transcendental parampara system will be exactly maintained and people in general will be benefited. I am very much obliged to my disciples because they are realizing the importance of Krishna Consciousness Movement and it is very much encouraging to me. Please, therefore, continue the standard of understanding. Read regularly our books and try to expand and preach the philosophy as far as possible.

I am glad that you have a nice dictaphone. I am sending, herewith, one tape, number 6. Please try to work on it, edit it nicely and make two carbon copies and one original. The original may be sent to me and the carbon copies may be kept with you for the present and we shall call for them when needed.

Regarding your question---What is meant by an object regaining spiritual quality?---the answer is that Krishna is pure knowledge and, therefore, He is the Supreme Person. In other words, He is the Supreme Power, and His Power is manifested throughout by different energies as much as the power of fireplace is expanded by light and heat. When we perceive heat and light, it means that we perceive the original fireplace. The perception of Krishna in everything is actually Krishna consciousness. In our conditioned state, we take it for granted something as separated from Krishna. But actually it is not so. Nothing can be separate from Krishna, everything is resting on Krishna, therefore, things which we consider now matter, when dovetailed for the cause of the Absolute Truth or Krishna, regains its spiritual quality. Another example may be cited in this connection. When we cook foodstuffs in the kitchen for eating ourselves, it is a different thing from the foodstuff which is prepared and offered to Krishna. The same dahl, rice is material for one purpose but the same thing becomes spiritual when it is dovetailed with Krishna. So on the higher platform, there is nothing material when everything is accepted in relationship with Krishna or the Supreme Spirit. I think this will clarify your question.

Yes, you have talked with Gargamuni and actually I am staying in a very nice house, although the rent is very high, 600 dollars per month. So let us see as Krishna desires, but I have told him to find out a house which is not so highly charged.

Please offer my blessings to your good wife, Laksmimoni, and Jagadisa Candra who has written nice poetry which I am sending to the editors of __Back to Godhead.__

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
