---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Govinda — January 8, 1970",
    "h1":"Govinda — January 8, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Govinda — January 8, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Govinda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Govinda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-01-08
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-08
To_letters       : Govinda
Date_letter      : January 8
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Govinda dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated January 3, 1970. I am so much engladdened that you are so anxious to get me in house and make my headquarters there. The proposal is very nice because I have got experience from the help of your husband and yourself how both of you are serviceable in my activities. You are very good secretary and your husband is good editor, so to keep myself under your care will certainly be a great boon. The only thing I am considering about staying in the mainland because the devotees in different centers here can see me if required more quickly then they can do so in Hawaii. So the things are not yet settled up. I am staying here in a house for which they are paying $600 rent. I think so much expenditure will be a kind of luxury for me because I am a Sannyasi, but at the same time a house like this is necessary for me because it is suitable for my working. Anyway, in the next summer, I have been invited to go to Japan and when it is fixed up, I shall start a little earlier and break my journey in Honolulu to stay with you for some days and see things practically.

Your description of different fruits and flowers, especially mangos, are very attractive for me. Last year, when I went to your place, I was attracted more from the same description, but it was rainy season and there was not much of the local fruits and flowers available. Still, it was very nice to stay there and especially I was eating very nicely the squash vegetables daily collected from your compound. So, ultimately, Krishna's desire has to be fulfilled. Don't be in a hurry. You are engaged in more important business to organize the Hawaii center and I wish it may be converted into New Navadvipa Dhama. In Navadvipa Dhama there is a railroad station called Samudragarh, and it is said that sometimes the ocean was there. So, on the Pacific Ocean, if you can establish New Navadvipa, that will be a great achievement. I am sure your husband, with your cooperation, will be able to do it very quickly. When I was in London, I was wearing on your cloak daily because there it was severe cold. But this side is very nice. It is not cold at all. So when I get back the coat which you have sent to Boston, surely I shall utilize it properly.

I am in correspondence with United Shipping and will let you know in due course about the loss you have suffered.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
