---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — January 14, 1970",
    "h1":"Jadurani — January 14, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — January 14, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jadurani ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jadurani
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-01-14
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-14
To_letters       : Jadurani
Date_letter      : January 14
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 10, 1970. I asked you to work four hours just to give you not very much strain because I found you weaker than I saw you before. On the whole you can work conscientiously so that you may not feel tired due to your weakness. So sometimes if you go with Sankirtana Party that will be a nice relaxation. So for each and every time you do not write to me but use your best discretion and do everything easily and without strain. That is my advice.

Being in the disciplic succession of Prahlada Maharaja certainly we are not interested for our personal liberation as much as we want to work for the liberation of the conditioned souls because Krishna desires it. So you are an intelligent girl, I need not talk much, and be happy in Krishna Consciousness business.

I am very glad to learn that Muralidhara, Devahuti and Bharadraja are working together. You simply supervise them. I know Bharadraja is a very fast working painter and if he sticks to his work, certainly he will do wonderfully.

So far Devahuti is concerned, she is elder woman but very nice and sober as well as qualified. Because she is of the age of all of your mothers, she should be treated very respectfully. Nothing should be ordered to her but simply suggested so that she may work in her own way. You should personally see to the comforts and conveniences so that she may feel very happy to stay with you all young boys and girls. So far I have studied and it is quite natural that she requires a little respectful dealing from the young boys and girls.

I do not follow what you mean by that they are starting to sell samosas. We should not sell any Prasadam, we shall distribute Prasadam and we can ask for contributions. That should be the method. But our magazines should be sold as many as possible and I am glad to learn that sometimes you are selling more than 200 copies.

Now Brahmananda will be going to Boston for the further development of the center and one of the items I suggested before should be to distribute free copies of BTG to a group of respectable persons every month with special reference to presidents of the foundations who are inclined to give contributions to religious institutions. You may convey this message to Satsvarupa and Brahmananda. Hope this will find you alright.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
