~~Title: Letter to: Bapi — February 15, 1970~~
~~bc: Bapi — February 15, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Bapi ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bapi
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-15
showdate_hidden  : 2021-02-15
To_letters       : Bapi
Date_letter      : February 15
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

West Bengal

My dear Bapi,

Please accept my blessings. I am very glad to receive your letter dated 1 February, 1970.

Some years ago, when I was visiting your house, your father requested me to teach you Bhagavad-gita. I immediately agreed to this proposal, but later on your father changed his mind and he wanted to wait until your education would be finished. I am very glad to learn that in the month of May you will be finishing your Indian educational career and you propose to come in the States for your postgraduate education in engineering.

So I welcome you and when you come here you will be at liberty to stay in any one of my preaching centers. I have got now twenty-six different centers in Europe, U.S.A., Canada, Japan, and Australia beginning from Hamburg, Germany down to Tokyo, covering about 14,000 miles. Generally I stay in Los Angeles because the climate of this city is almost like our Bengal.

Regarding my help for your coming here, there are three ways. You may apply for acceptance at a university here. If you are accepted by a university, they can arrange a job for you. Then you may come here by the university's arrangement as a foreign exchange student. Second: Another way is that if I can show a bank balance in your favor to the extent of $12,000 to $15,000 and because I am an immigrant and thus I sponsor you, you can come here as immigrant immediately as my relative. Now, for this bank balance, how you will arrange?

Another way is if you can spend about Rs. 25,000, you can come here at any time as a visitor at least for six months. When you come here, you can try for a suitable job in any respectable firm or whatever you like you may be free to move and search out within that period. but if you come as a visitor you will not be allowed to work here by law, but by arrangement everything may be done. So these are the three ways of getting you here, and whichever way you find suitable can be arranged.

You will be glad to learn that our Sankirtana Movement in the Western world is going on very successfully. Your fathers Spiritual Teacher, Mother Anandamayee, is very much fond of Sankirtana. So I wish that your father may send us mrdanga (Khol) and karatalas for this great Sankirtana Yajna. Mother Anandamayee has got many rich followers, if some of them send us this khol and karatalas for our different centers all over the world---Europe, American, Canada, Japan, Australia then it will be a great cooperation. I hope you will ask you father to do this service for Lord Krsna or Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu Who foretold that in every city, town, and village of the world His Holy Name would be celebrated, and we are trying in our humble way to spread this message.

I hope this will find you in good health, and thanking you once more for your attention.

Yours affectionately,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS: db
