~~Title: Letter to: Ekayani — February 10, 1970~~
~~bc: Ekayani — February 10, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Ekayani ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ekayani
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-10
showdate_hidden  : 2021-02-10
To_letters       : Ekayani
Date_letter      : February 10
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

c/o Mendoza\\
Bronx, N.Y.

My dear Ekayani,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your very intelligent letter dated 28 January, 1970. I am so glad to learn that you are taking very much interest in the Deity worship, and such activities must be accompanied with chanting of the Holy Name regularly. Actually chanting of the Holy Name regularly is our life and soul, and on the basis of such activities all other devotional services will sustain.

I am still more glad to learn that your mother is also taking interest.

Lord Jagannatha can be dressed in yellow, Balarama in bluish color, and Subhadra in red color. That is usual, but any other color is not prohibited.

If your mother knows Spanish language she can be engaged in translating our literatures, and very soon we are going to publish our BTG in that language. So she can be a great help in that activity.

I have heard about Vamanadeva in his last news bulletin, and both of them are doing nicely there on account of being sincere to the Spiritual Master and Krishna. From the beginning I encouraged young boys and girls to be married and united together to preach Krishna Consciousness, and this process has proved practical. So when you are also married with a good devotee, you can do the same work and open a center in some place convenient to you. That will spread our Krishna Consciousness movement.

I always advise married couples that the male should be engaged in some work; but if somebody is busily engaged in our activities and therefore he cannot work outside, that is also nice. We do not press people to contribute, and even though we do so, it is for the good of the contributor because everything is employed for advancing this Krishna Consciousness movement. The initiated householders are supposed to be Brahmins, and according to scriptural injunction a Brahmin can accept charity for employing the income in the service of the Lord. The boys and girls who chant in the street are also giving in charity the highest benefit to the people in general. So far such Brahmins or Brahmacaris or Sannyasis asking contributions is not against the law, actually that is the way of livelihood for persons who are not karmis.

Sometimes such persons in India go door to door for collecting alms. The whole idea is that one should not be a professional beggar for livelihood, but for Krishna's service this asking

[PAGE MISSING]

Avataras. Lord Caitanya's Abode is described in the Brahma-samhita and it is called Svetadvipa. It is an extension of Goloka Vrindaban. Gokula means "flocks of cows." Go means cow and kula means flocks. Vraja is not different from Vrndavana. Vraja means the pasturing grounds and Vrndavana is the woods where there are many Tulsi leaves.

We do not find who is the mother of Subhadra, but she was one of Vasudeva's wives. So far putting kohl on the eyes of the Deities, that is not required. The Madhu demon was killed a very long time ago, in the beginning of the creation. The story may be found in one of the Puranas.

I am glad to learn that you are painting and have just finished one picture of Yasoda Krishna. This is a great talent of yours. Regarding taking a job after leaving school this summer, there is no need---rather you should stay at the Temple. You can take Prasadam etc. at the Temple and in that way Krishna will support you; you should not work outside, but you may live at home just as after working one returns home at night. There are many qualified devotees, so you may choose a husband from among them. I am very happy to learn how you are eager to start a new center and have nice Deity worship, so you may follow the fine example of your sister in this way. That is very nice. Just develop your sincere attitude of serving Krishna and He will kindly provide all the necessities for further advancement in Krishna Consciousness.

Thanking you once more for your nice letter. Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
