---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sudama — February 17, 1970",
    "h1":"Sudama — February 17, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Sudama — February 17, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Sudama ======

Tokyo

My dear Sudama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 3 February, 1970, and I have also received the copy of the article printed in the __Japan Times Weekly.__ I am so glad to learn of your successful activities in spreading our Krsna Consciousness movement in Tokyo.

The potency of spreading Krsna Consciousness is everywhere the same. That was experimented by me in your country, where I came alone without any support; and Krsna is so kind that He has sent me so many boys and girls like you. Lord Caitanya said that every village and town on the surface of the world will know the message of the Sankirtana movement. This very statement affirms that in every village and town all over the world there are many candidates who are awaiting this message.

Please therefore work very seriously. Chant your daily beads regularly. You have got a very nice devotee wife, she will help you in all respects. So try to follow the footsteps of the disciplic succession, and everything will come out successful.

In London there is some clashing between the police and our men, but the reaction is in our factor. Probably there will be a great agitation in this connection, and the whole world will know automatically the importance of this movement.

Gaurasundara has intended to call me at Hawaii during Lord Caitanya's birthday, somewhere by the end of March 1970. Similarly, whenever you are also nicely established, you may also call me and I shall be very glad to visit your center.

By the by, I may request you that you may take quotation of our BTG for printing 100,000 (one hundred thousand) copies per month from some of the leading printers in Tokyo.

I am happy to learn your plans for celebrating Lord Caitanya's appearance day, and please make the meeting very successful.

Hope this will meet you in very good health. Please offer my blessings to your good wife, Cintamani, and to all the other boys and girls there.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
