~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — February 20, 1970~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — February 20, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-20
showdate_hidden  : 2020-02-20
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : February 20
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Tamala,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 15 February, 1970, and noted the contents carefully. My first request to you is to take from Mr. Goyl, the gentleman who donated the Sri Murtis, the address of the manufacturer or supplier of the Murtis. I know that the Murtis were supplied from Jaipur, India, but I do not know the address of the supplier. So please take it from him and please send it to me immediately.

All other points in your letter are completely agreed upon by me, and please execute the program accordingly. We must follow our own principles. We can go anywhere to perform the Sankirtana, but the process in which we execute the performances should be strictly followed; namely first of all we chant and dance, then we deliver a short lecture on our philosophy, try to advertise our books and magazines and sell them, then at last we again chant and dance and conclude the meeting by distributing Prasadum. Generally we must have at least one hour time if not more for functioning this program.

So far we are concerned, every one of us must chant the beads according to the vow and follow the regulative principles in all departments of our activities, and this will give us spiritual strength to convince the audience about our aims and object. Some one of us in each and every center must be well versed in the Sastras so that he can meet scholars and philosophers, and if need be convince them about our movement and philosophy with great strength.

I am so glad to learn that our London Temple decoration is being improved day by day, and Deities have got nice dresses and ornaments.

So far Ksirodakasayi is concerned, or anyone else who is newcomer, should be allowed some concession. And after some time when he is accustomed to our principle, then we can make the screw tight. I think this point will be sufficient hint to deal with him.

Brahmananda and Advaita have come here yesterday, and I am giving them advice about our future press activities. They have already printed Isopanisad paperbook very nicely and the price is also very cheap. You may ask Boston to send you copies for sale there in London.

Please see that the French and German issues of BTG are published as soon as possible. I hope Hansadutta has met you by this time, and when you go to Germany along with him I think he may be situated as the president of the center being the seniormost member. I am so glad to learn that you expect to open another center in London in the hippy quarter as soon as possible. When I was in London I went to Oxford and there was a very successful meeting. Therefore I think Oxford will be a good center for our activities.

Please offer my blessings to all the boys and girls there, and keep me informed of your further progress. The __Krsna__ manuscript is already handed over to Messrs. Dai Nippon Co. for printing.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
