---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mukunda — February 8, 1970",
    "h1":"Mukunda — February 8, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Mukunda — February 8, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-08
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-08
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : February 8
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

London

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 2 February, 1970, and I have noted the contents. Regarding the big house, try to acquire this house according to my former instructions on hire/purchase system.

Regarding Temple management, I may inform you that Tamala Krishna may help you how to organize, but if you make him stay in one place and he cannot move to other places then the idea on which he was left in London---that he should see the development of the centers in France and Germany---will be jeopardized. As our branches are increasing it is necessary that somebody shall move from one place to another for improving the particular center's activities. Besides that, you have also requested to send Visnujana to London, but you know that whatever improvement has been made in Los Angeles is due to the Sankirtana Party going outside the Temple. Madhudvisa and Jayananda have gone to San Francisco, and Tamala has gone to London. So out of the four leading boys of the Sankirtana Party, three are already out. So the remaining one's, Visnujana's, presence is needed here. Gargamuni and Stoka Krishna are engaged otherwise, so Visnujana is taking care of the new devotees as well as Kirtana Party. If, therefore, he also goes away, I think that the management here will suffer.

Tamala has certainly got valuable talent in dealing with outsiders, particularly with regards to arranging engagements, but I think that some of you also pick up his talents and then he will be free to move to other places so that they also may utilize his service. There are pending many important businesses in France and Germany, but if Tamala cannot go there on account of London's business, then their business will suffer. I think, therefore, that Tamala's services and talents should be learned by you and he may be allowed to go at least for a month to Germany and Paris and then come back to London.

The whole idea is that he may stay one month in London and then go out for one month to Paris and Germany and then come back again to London. In this way, when things are going on smoothly everywhere, then he can devote more time in London for other important things.

I have advised Hansadutta to go to London and then to go to Germany for organizing Sankirtana. I could not follow the meaning of the last line of your letter, "We look forward to the day when You grace us with Your Holy Instructions for Lord Caitanya's Sankirtana." If you mean by this line about the World Sankirtana Party, then I may inform you that for this purpose you will have to wait for some time more. The purpose of World Sankirtana Party will be to establish a center in each and every city and village of the world. This idea is taking practical shape in various centers. Just like you started for London Yatra and now after one year it has taken a shape, similarly in Germany also it has taken a shape, but in Paris it has not taken as yet. Therefore World Sankirtana Party means to establish a center everywhere we go.

I do not mean a concert party or musical party that may go to a city, have some performances and collect some money without any permanent effect. For this purpose the World Sankirtana Party should consist of members who can impress spiritual ecstasy in the hearts of the people so that some of them may come forward and agree to establish a center where the Sankirtana party may go on continually.

From Krishna das' letter it appears that in Germany there is good prospect for opening many centers. When you last went to Germany it was very effective. Why not first of all start a center in Paris and a few other centers in Germany and then think of the World Sankirtana Party on the basis of starting a center wherever you go. Both Tamala and yourself, Gurudasa and Syamasundara think over this idea, and in the meantime, as you are yourself a musical instructor, you can teach the newcomers in the Kirtana performances for future program.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. How is Janaki? Ask her to write me letter. I hope she is doing well. Offer my blessings to her and Malati. ACB\\
ACBS:db
