~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — February 8, 1970~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — February 8, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-08
showdate_hidden  : 2021-02-08
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : February 8
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

London

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 3 February, 1970, along with Mukunda's, Gurudasa', and Syamasundara's letters. I am replying all of them separately within this envelope.

Regarding Visnujana, that is a common factor of all your letters, but you must know that the development of L.A. Temple was practically done by you four; namely yourself, Madhudvisa, Visnujana, and Jayananda. Last year when I was in Hayworth Street, there was no Temple and sometimes we were chanting in the garage. Then gradually this Temple was secured and at that time I asked how much you could help out of the $400 rent and with great difficulty you promised to help only $100 from the Sankirtana Party. Now by the Grace of Krishna they are collecting more than $100 daily. You know that the expenses of the Temple have gone up to $2,000 per month. There are at least 30 devotees, and practically all old boys like you, Jayananda, Madhudvisa, etc. are not here. Besides that, Visnujana is training all the new devotees who are coming. So Visnujana himself also thinks his absence will be hampering in the Temple procedure. I am enclosing herewith Visnujana's letter in this connection which will speak for itself.

You have written to say that you cannot go to Hamburg or Paris to organize their activities, but actually you were left in London for the purpose of organizing these three centers. If you stick only to London Temple then our former scheme will not be executed. I think, it is proper that you should devote your time for all these three centers and train the local management for being self-supporting. As you are helping London Temple, similarly you should help the Hamburg and Paris Temples also. I think that was our original plan, and you should not change the same.

I have received one letter from Krishna das that there is good potency for opening many branches in Germany. I think, therefore, you should go to Germany at least for one or two months and see how things can be managed for opening more branches. I have therefore asked Hansadutta to go to Germany for this purpose. He has also got organizing power as he has well done in Berkeley. So with your cooperation I think in your absence he may be a great help in the German center. I have asked him to go via London. So these are the things for practical solution.

You have written to say that no one can deal with the devotees except Visnujana; that is not a good proposal. There are so many old and experienced devotees in London; but for management of other devotees, if there is no one to look after them, that does not sound very good. For musical training I think Mukunda has sufficient knowledge. Anyway, for the time being, Hansadutta is going and Mukunda is there and you are also there. See if the Worldwide Sankirtana Party can be organized without Visnujana. For the present Visnujana cannot be freed from the Los Angeles engagements, but in future if somebody is trained up to take his place then I shall recommend him to go to London.

Regarding the court case of our Sankirtana Movement, there was a similar case in Detroit and the charges were creating disturbances, but the case was dismissed. I have asked Bhagavan das to send you the copy of the newspaper report, and I hope this will help you. The newspaper report heading was "Religious Group Wins Day in Court."

Regarding the six months contract for L250 per week from engagements in halls, colleges, clubs, etc., it is very good news. But one thing we must remember that we are not professional musicians or concert party. Our main business is to vibrate the Holy Name of Krishna everywhere so that the people will be benefited by hearing the transcendental sound. The musical training is not so important as it is to keep ourselves spiritually fit in spiritual strength, that we should not forget. If we are in spiritual strength, there will be no scarcity of money; and the spiritual strength is that each and every one of us must chant the sixteen rounds of beads and follow the rules and regulations with great adherence.

In the meantime, I have received one box containing sweets, balusai, a handkerchief, a flower, simply wonderful, a sacred thread, gopicandana, dhupa, and a painting, and three sets of beads from Monique, Evelyne, and Joelle. Later on I received their respective letters and recommendations of initiation from Yamuna devi, and I am sending the beads by separate mail duly chanted.

The information and date for Bhakti-vaibhava examination will be forwarded in due course.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
