~~Title: Letter to: Krsna dasa — February 18, 1970~~
~~bc: Krsna dasa — February 18, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Krsna dasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-02-18
showdate_hidden  : 2022-02-18
To_letters       : Krsna dasa
Date_letter      : February 18
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Hamburg

My dear Krsna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 14 February, 1970, along with $15 maintenance costs, and I thank you very much for this.

I think Hansadutta and Himavati are already on their way to Germany. Most probably they will reach Germany directly; if not, they may go via London. Anyway, Hansadutta's presence in your center along with Himavati will certainly enhance your spiritual activities. Both of them are sincere devotees and senior members. If he agrees, I think he can be made the president because he is the seniormost amongst you. In outside Sankirtana Party he will be a first class asset, and for Deity worship Himavati will be second to none. So try to utilize their service properly and increase the movement more and more in Germany.

Germany is a good field for expanding this movement because practically I know the largest number of "Hare Krishna Mantra" records have been sold in Germany; and from your report it also appears that their response is very encouraging as you have sold so many BTGs in one day.

Regarding your jewelry engagement, you must finish the examination very satisfactorily first. Things which have taken for so long time must be terminated in good result and the same may be offered to Krsna. Krsna is ready to accept service from all directions, and our Krsna Consciousness movement is particularly meant for this purpose. So when you pass your examination, then we shall consider what to do next.

I have received the photograph of the Deities and it is very nice. Decorate the throne with as many flowers as possible, and the columns of the throne may be wrapped with flowers and leaves if possible.

Lord Caitanya's Appearance day falls on March 22, that is on a Sunday. The devotees should fast until evening, when there is a ceremony and offering of a small amount of Ekadasi preparations. The next day, the devotees should celebrate amongst themselves with a small scale feast. You may hold the celebration open to the public on the following Sunday. The preparation to be offered specially on this occasion is __bhuni kichri__: Fry equal parts dal and rice in ghee and massala. Add two times water as dal and rice, and add vegetables (if you use more ghee, use less water). Cook it until it is dried and the rice is soft.

I am very glad to learn that Michael and Henning are both very sincere boys, and Henning is an expert carpenter. If they go to London to help Syamasundara with building the Rathayatra car, that will be a great service. Please offer them my blessings; and the more they become enthusiastic in Krsna's service, the more they will feel transcendental bliss and become advanced in Krsna Consciousness.

It will be very nice if you can make some jewelries for my Deities---two sets of crowns, necklaces, bangles, and earrings, and a flute for Krsna. The flute should be this size and on the end it should have a head like this, I think you may have seen some picture. Devananda will make some drawings of the other jewelry and send to you.

Hope this will meet you in good health. Please offer my blessings to all the boys and girls in our Hamburg center.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
