~~Title: Letter to: Acyutananda — March 15, 1970~~
~~bc: Acyutananda — March 15, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Acyutananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Acyutananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-03-15
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-15
To_letters       : Acyutananda
Date_letter      : March 15
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Acyutananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 10 March, 1970. In the meantime I have received the package of badailaich very timely. Devananda told me that there was only one pod balance, so it arrived very timely. Thank you very much.

Regarding the Bhowanipur plot, I have already advised you in this connection. It may be transferred as unconditional gift to the Founder Acarya, ISKCON: A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami.

I am also very glad to understand that Mr. Ashok Mitra, along with his children, are singing along with your Kirtana. And thus I think many others will also join. Sriman Ashoke Mitra has donated one khol and one portable typewriter to you, and this is a sign of his service to Krishna, and thus surely he will make progress. You will be glad to learn that here in the States also many influential people and organizations are becoming very interested in our Krishna Consciousness movement, and one invitation for speaking before such a group is enclosed herewith.

I understand that there was some press interview, and in future also whenever there is press interview, you can remember the following points which will help you to make a clear understanding of our Krishna Consciousness movement.

Try to convince in the meeting that the difference between animal society and human society is that the human society has in some form the ideals of Krishna Consciousness or God Consciousness. That is religion. Religion without God Consciousness has no meaning. And God Consciousness means that we are eternally related with Him. He is the Father, and everyone of us is the part and parcel or son. He is the Supreme Leader, and we are subordinates. He is the Supreme Maintainer, and we are completely dependent on Him.

Whatever we possess, including our body and our self, everything, belongs to Him. When one is completely in sense of this fact---he is God Conscious. And unless a living entity becomes God Conscious, he cannot be happy. So this is our propaganda. There is no question of sectarianism. Every religion should have this aim in view. But that system of religion which teaches development of God Consciousness is first class. We have to estimate by the result, and not by the formalities. So this movement, Krishna Consciousness, very quickly develops this God Consciousness, and it is very easy to adopt it.

But, at the same time, we must remember that a sinful man cannot develop God Consciousness. The four pillars of sinful life are: 1) illicit sex, 2) animal killing or animal eating, 3) indulgence in intoxication in any form, and 4) take to the life of gambling. We therefore request all religious institutions to check their followers from the reactions of these four principles of sinful life. That will pave the way of developing God Consciousness, and thus all the people will be happy.

It is not a question of following this religion or that religion. It is a question of philosophy of life. Our Krishna Consciousness philosophy is practical, easier, and based on sound reasoning and philosophy. We place it before impartial, thoughtful men of the world, and we are certain that they will find it sublime.

As you have desired that some Brahmacaris would go immediately to help you for developing the Calcutta and Mayapur centers, I have decided to send immediately at least two nice Brahmacaris to help you there. I have seen the rough diagram of the proposed Bhowanipur Temple, but I suggest that in some corner of the house there must be a garage, because in future I wish that you American boys should live elegantly to the tradition of your great country. But at the same time you shall preach the Sankirtana movement, becoming humbler than the grass and more tolerant than the tree as instructed by Lord Caitanya.

The plan suggested by you that the ground floor be the hall, etc. is quite nice, and I think you may see the plan of the Caitanya Research Institute which may help you.

Regarding Mayapur land, I understand that %%____%% Ali is in problem for keeping the money. I understand that he wants to invest the sale money to purchase another suitable land, but he has no such land in his view at present. Therefore he does not wish to sell the land. This plea is not very sound argument. But in this connection, he may be informed that why he should keep the sale money at home? He can make a fixed deposit of the money in a bank at Navadvipa, and he will get interest also. Then when he may find some land, he can withdraw the money.

Anyway, if he is not willing to part with his land, you can arrange to purchase the land of Yayabar Maharaja or any other available land. We do not mind if it is not on the roadside. If the land is interior, but cheaper and of bigger area, we shall prefer that.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
