---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Malati — March 6, 1970",
    "h1":"Malati — March 6, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Malati — March 6, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Malati ======

My dear Malati,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 17 February, 1970, and have read the contents carefully. I am so glad to hear from you after so long time.

It is not surprising that you feel the competition of maya very keen because we are in the midst of an ocean of Maya. Just as if, when you are in the ocean, you say "Oh, there is water all round"---that is ocean. So you must have a boat very strong, and Krsna is the nicest boat to carry you over the ocean of Maya. The ocean will reduce to become a pit left by the hoof of a cow by the grace of Krsna, and it may be crossed over without any care. And after crossing the ocean, the devotee shall go to the abode of Krsna where there is no more danger. That is the mission of our life, and that is Krsna Consciousness.

I am very happy to know that your daughter Sarasvati is growing up nicely under your care. To see that the child is raised in full Krsna Consciousness is the proper management of householder life. And when your good daughter is no longer to be so cared for by you, then you will get enough time to chant Hare Krsna. Both mother and daughter can sit together and chant hare Krsna.

Regarding your thoughts of grand Rathayatra festival, this year there must be a very grand procession of Rathayatra, and ask Syamasundara to induce George to lead in the procession. Syamasundara has asked me to go there, so if I am not very seriously engaged, I must go. But if George and John join in the procession, it will be a great success.

I have heard how the new devotees are all executing their devotional services very enthusiastically and with sincerity and humility. Yes, I have asked them to take instruction from you, one of their elder Godsisters. Whatever you have learned---you are one of the old students---whatever you have gathered by experience, you must hand them over to the new students. This is called __parampara.__

Please offer my blessings to Sarasvati Dasi. Will you send her to our school in New Vrindaban when she is little older. The school is developing nicely there under the headmastership of Hayagriva Prabhu.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBSP:db
