~~Title: Letter to: Gopala Krsna — March 9, 1970~~
~~bc: Gopala Krsna — March 9, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gopala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-03-09
showdate_hidden  : 2020-03-09
To_letters       : Gopala Krsna
Date_letter      : March 9
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Montreal

My dear Gopala Krsna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 3 March, 1970, and have noted the contents.

Regarding publication of French "Back to Godhead," for the present you are doing very excellently. My point is that BTG in French language must come out even irregularly. So you are fulfilling my desire in that way. So far our Paris center is concerned, it is not yet started. At last Syamasundara and George Harrison have gone there to find out a place. It may be by the grace of the Lord the center will be started now.

There are many big schemes about our European preaching work, specifically advancing the Sankirtana movement and publishing our literatures, but nothing has yet taken a practical shape. Under the circumstances, whatever you are doing is for the good. So until something practical is taking place in Paris, you continue to do this work---that is a great service to the Lord. I am very much pleased with your endeavor.

Now, regarding sending me money, I thank you very much that you are always eager to spend for Krsna, and Krsna will give you more and more opportunities to utilize your hard earned money for Krsna's service. Now the office which you are holding appears to be very nice, so I do not think you can get a better job in India. But somehow or other, if you get a chance to return to India on official business of your present employer, that will be very nice.

Regarding our Indian centers, we are experiencing some bright glimpse because in Calcutta, as informed to you by Acyutananda, we may get a nice plot of land. So you can save money as much as possible for constructing buildings or Temples in India. The money saved in this connection either may be kept by you under separate fixed deposit in the bank, or may be sent to me for future utilization. I have sent money already to Acyutananda for purchasing a piece of land in Mayapur---that is not yet completed. Under the circumstances, no more money should be sent to India directly by you.

I am very glad to learn that you have prepared one long article for sending to the "Illustrated Weekly of India." That is very nice, and if possible write some further articles, either in Hindi or English, for being published in India.

Perhaps you have already noted that I have closed my account with the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. So whatever money you want to pay me may be sent by direct check in my favor. You do not require to spend any more money for Deity, because Deity is already coming---everything is arranged in India. You simply see that Temple worship and other things are going on regularly and nicely.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
