---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Trivikrama — March 7, 1970",
    "h1":"Trivikrama — March 7, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Trivikrama — March 7, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Trivikrama ======

My dear Trivikrama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 2 March, 1970. Now I think because Himavati is there, she will be first-class caretaker of the Deities, and you can be relieved. So I have no objection if you come back to the States if there is no other urgent necessity for you there.

So you can consult in this connection with Krsna das and Hansadutta, and with their consent, you can come back. But if there is any urgent necessity for your presence there, you may wait a little more and then come back.

I know as you expressed your desire in London, that you are very much anxious to come back to the States; so you can do so at your earliest convenience.

I do not think that Hansadutta is pressing you for marriage. Marriage is a concession for a person who cannot control his sex desires. Of course it is a difficult job for the boys in this country because they have free access to intermingling with the girls. Under the circumstances, it is my open order for everyone that everyone can marry without any artificial pose. But if somebody is able to remain a Brahmacari, there should not be any canvassing for his marriage.

But at the mature age say after 50 years old age, everyone should separate from wife. Married life does not mean that one should continue to live with wife throughout the whole life; at a certain stage, say between 20-25 years, one may accept a wife, live with her to the maximum age of 50 years, and then there should be no more sex relationship---stringently. And at the mature old age, say 65-70 years, everyone must accept the renounced order of Sannyas; if not in dress, then in action positively.

Our students, either Brahmacari or Householder, are being trained up for constant engagement in Krsna Consciousness service without any personal interest. This is perfect order of Sannyas. So if everyone is trained up in this line of action, all of us are Sannyasis in all circumstances. This is explained in the Bhagavad-gita that anyone who is not after the result of any action, but simply he acts as a matter of duty for Krsna, he is a factual Sannyasi and Yogi.

So whatever status of life we may accept, this principle of working for Krsna as a matter of our duty, without being attracted by the result---should be followed by us.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
