---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Minoru, Kenji — April 22, 1970",
    "h1":"Minoru, Kenji — April 22, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Minoru, Kenji — April 22, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Minoru, Kenji ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Minoru, Kenji
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-22
To_letters       : Minoru, Kenji
Date_letter      : April 22
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Tokyo

My dear Sriman Minoru and Kenji,

Please accept my blessings. This is the first time I am addressing to some of my Japanese friends and admirers and I am so glad to receive your nice letters. Sriman Sudama Das Adhikari has gone to your country carrying the message of Bhagavad-gita and I am so glad to learn that you two boys are cooperating with him in this great mission.

I am very glad to learn also that you are feeling joy while chanting the mantra Hare Krishna. Yes, it is exactly like this. If anyone chants this mantra in good faith and in simple understanding, then surely this transcendental vibration will act immediately in spiritual bliss. Please therefore continue to chant this mantra as many times as possible throughout the day and night. I do not think there is any inconvenience or loss on your part if you do so all the time. Even when you are walking, you can softly chant Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna, or even when you are on the bus going to somewhere you can also chant. When you are working with your hands you can also chant and when you are resting or going to take rest you can also chant. Even in your toilet room while taking bath you can also chant. In this way there is no limitation or restriction for chanting this Holy Name of God, Krishna, and His Energy, Hara. In doing this business there is no loss, but there is very great gain which is transcendental realization.

At the present moment everyone of us is in gross misunderstanding of bodily consciousness and this situation is also present in the animal kingdom. The four necessities of bodily concept of life; namely eating, sleeping, mating and defending, are common in the human form of body or animal form of body. In the human form of body we get a chance for our self-realization and we should utilize this opportunity very seriously.

There are many things to be described in this connection and most of them you will find in our many books already published, but this Krishna Consciousness movement is a great benediction for the human society without any discrimination between man to man. At the present moment, the human society is split up by different material interests, but if they try to understand this Krishna Consciousness movement with a little seriousness, many of our artificial problems will be solved.

The Hare Krishna movement is so potential that it can do more than what is attempted by the United Nations organization. So I shall request you to cooperate with Sudama and try to push on this movement in your country and everyone will appreciate if we present things a little carefully, although it is very simple. The program is already being executed under the supervision of Sudama and your valued cooperation will encourage him very much.

Whenever you feel any difficulty to understand our philosophy you may inquire from Sudama, and if there is still difficulty you are welcome to send your inquiries to me and I shall be very much pleased to satisfy you.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
