---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — April 12, 1970",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — April 12, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — April 12, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Syamasundara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Syamasundara
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-12
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-12
To_letters       : Syamasundara
Date_letter      : April 12
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 9th April, 1970, with enclosure of George's introduction to KRSNA. Please convey my thanks to him.

Regarding your staying in George's place, the first consideration is that in our temple there is no ample accommodation for all the Grhasthas. In that sense your staying in George's place with family is welcome, but your separation from the Society's activities is not very favorable. Either you should create another center in George's place or you should find out some place from where you can regularly join with the activities of our temple.

I think Lilavati and Murari are feeling little perturbed on account of this. They are very much fond of temple activities. I understand that George has got a nice chapel in his house and he is also anxious to develop his Krishna Consciousness, so it is not necessary that he has to become my formal disciple, but in order to develop his Krishna Consciousness, he should give us some opportunities to develop a duplicate temple in Oxon. Our staying in John's Tittenhurst garden was a failure because John wanted to utilize the labor of our men without giving us proper facilities for developing the temple.

Regarding how George may continue his meditation, that meditation may be done by keeping one picture of Krishna, keeping his mind concentrated on the picture of Krishna and softly chanting the Hare Krishna Mahamantra as long as he likes. That will complete both his meditation and Krishna Consciousness perfectly according to the last verse of the sixth chapter of Bhagavad-gita which says, "And of all yogis, he always abides in Me with great faith, worshiping Me in transcendental loving service, is most intimately united with Me in Yoga, and is the highest of all."

But I do not know whether he is following the four regulative principles. That will help him very rapidly. So for the time being you remain as you are and you also do the same thing, and if possible as suggested by you, Murari and Lilavati can open a center in Oxford. Oxford is a good place for our Krishna Consciousness movement. Formerly when I was there, we saw an old church for the purpose of purchasing it. I think Mukunda had some correspondence about it.

Besides that, what are you going to do about Rathayatra? Both you and Murari are good carpenters. So I shall be glad to learn what is your program about Rathayatra.

Regarding your need of engagement, then you have to join Sankirtana Party. Your aptitude is to be engaged in constructing something for Krsna. The best thing will be to engage yourself in carving Lord Caitanya's statues. That will be good engagement for you even in George's house.

Is it not possible to have a small temple in George's house so you can engage in temple worship? That is necessary. If there is a small temple there, then you and your wife and others can be nicely engaged. I think George does not require to become my formal disciple because he is already more than my disciple. He has sympathy for my movement and I have all blessings for him. He can easily spare that chapel for developing it into a nice Krishna Consciousness temple. We do not want any proprietorship right, but we want simply to utilize the nice place into a nice temple.

Our men will take charge of maintaining the temple, so what is the objection about his sparing this nice place for turning into Krishna temple. My idea is that you six boys and girls who have gone there remain there and help George as far as possible, but you maintain a regular temple there so that people may come see an ideal place of worship and surely that will be a great advantage for George and the visitors who come there.

I have received one letter from Munich, the copy of which is enclosed herewith. If George simply spares that chapel to us it will be a great service to the neighboring people and visitors. We shall turn the chapel so nicely that everyone who comes to see will be Krishna conscious person.

Yes, I always think of your little girl, she is so nice. Sometimes I think that I left my home leaving aside all children and grandchildren, and Krsna is giving another batch to whom I am becoming attached. But this attachment is nice because the center is Krsna. I always narrate the story of your daughter when she was dancing on the platform of the law college and she obliged all other law students to imitate her dancing. Anyway, just raise this girl in full Krishna Consciousness and she will be a great preacher when she is young.

During Rathayatra ceremony I will suggest that Lord Jagannatha be carried from London to Oxon in Their chariots and in procession and Lord Jagannatha live for 8 days from the 5th to 14th July at the chapel house of George. And for eight days there should be continued festivals which means Kirtana and distribution of Prasadam. During this 8 days time, George should invite all his friends and guests and they should be informed about the necessity of Krishna Consciousness movement. The chapel house should always be nicely decorated with leaves, flowers, and lights; and then after completion of 8 days stay, Lord Jagannatha shall return back in procession to London temple. I think George can afford to expand for this whole week celebration at his house. That will be practical understanding of Krishna Consciousness. You can suggest this idea to George on my behalf.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
