---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — April 30, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — April 30, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — April 30, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayapataka
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-30
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-30
To_letters       : Jayapataka
Date_letter      : April 30
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Jaya Pataka,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 21st April, 1970.

Acyutananda has written me that he will arrange for your visa for two years at least, but I learn that you have not heard anything from him til now. So unless you are assured that your visa has been made for at least two years, and he has got his own apartment, don't start. It is not required to take permission from Madhava Maharaja to stay at his place. It is not our business to become anymore burden to him.

I have already sent Acyutananda money for our own land, so first we must have our own land or apartment, then our devotees can go there. On the whole, he must first of all arrange for staying somewhere in our own place, otherwise it will be very difficult because India is very overpopulated, especially Calcutta.

Regarding your questions how to offer respects to Sannyasis. Every Sannyasi, even if you see a Mayavadi Sannyasi, offer him your respects---there will be no harm. As you have observed we shall follow Lord Caitanya's instruction that we give all due respects to others regarding their position, but there is no need of always associating with each of them. Even if one is Vaisnava, but not of good character, we can give him the Vaisnava respect, but we cannot associate with him.

Regarding how to act when there is a choice of either attending Aratrik ceremony without bathing first or bathing and thus missing attendance at the Aratrik ceremony, the answer is that the rules should be followed as far as possible. If it becomes necessary, simply wash your feet, and when possible also wash the face, head, hands, and rinse mouth with water.

When you will go to India, most probably you will have to go to Bombay, and how you will have to go to Bombay that I shall let you know later.

I beg to thank you for your nice appreciation of our disciplic succession of Vaisnava Acaryas. This is the right understanding of the Spiritual Masters that they are glorious by simply delivering the transcendental message of Krsna as it is.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
