~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — April 26, 1970~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — April 26, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-26
showdate_hidden  : 2022-04-26
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : April 26
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Hamburg

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 22nd April, 1970. Til now I have received none of the amounts mentioned by you. So far Berkeley amount is concerned, I understand that they are going to purchase a house, so it will be utilized for that purpose. So far the other amount, I have not yet received any intimation from the bank.

I thank you very much for your kind appreciation of my humble activities, and you always pray to Krsna that the remaining days of my life may be thus engaged in executing the orders of my Spiritual Master. So far you are concerned, I request all my spiritual sons and daughters to help me in this great adventure, and if you all help me, I am sure I shall be successful

Now our next program will be to lead a Sankirtana Party round over the world. It is already advertised in India from mouth to mouth that I am coming there next year with forty disciples. So I think we must keep this program in the beginning of our next year. There is already invitation in Africa. One party may go from London via other countries to Bombay, and another party may go from here via Japan to Calcutta, and then they will meet together.

We have been offered a very nice place in central India. I am negotiating with the proprietor of this place, and if by Krsna's grace we get this central place in India, then from this center you can go to any extremity of Indian boundary and it is the same distance of about 1000 miles.

All my best students are now in Europe, in pairs. Yourself, Mukunda, Jaya Govinda, Syamasundara, Gurudasa, Tamala, etc., you are all advanced and selected, now your program will be to recruit many sincere souls from European countries, and open branches. Your desire for opening a center in Copenhagen may be suspended for the time being unless we recruit some members from Europe because all the best students have already gone there, so it will be difficult to send men from America at the present moment. In America also we have to open so many branches, so I think you should not expect any more members from America for organizing European centers.

Now you should recruit men for our purpose from Europe as many as possible, in France, Germany, England, etc. All of you do everything conjointly, and at the same time try to organize the World Sankirtana Party. Always be in touch with Tamala, Mukunda, Umapati, Syamasundara, etc., and perform Rathayatra ceremony in London very gorgeously this year because all of you are there.

Umapati has already selected the French girl, Ilavati, as his wife, so I am sanctioning this marriage because it will be help for the French language work. So for Haripriya Dasi Krsna will give very soon a nice husband. Best thing will be for her a German husband who can help us in our German language work.

It is very encouraging that you are selling an average of 180 BTGs per day, and just try to increase as much as possible. Regarding what to do about local authorities checking your Sankirtana activities in the streets, just show to the police officer how peaceful we are. They should give us help to encourage such peaceful activities. We should not take any action in angry mood. Lord Caitanya has advised to become more humble than the grass and more tolerant than the tree, and be ready to offer all respects to others while not caring to accept any respects for oneself. As far as possible we will try to follow this principle, and Krsna will help us in all respects.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
