---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — April 14, 1970",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — April 14, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — April 14, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated 4th and 7th April, 1970, respectively. So as desired by you, I am enclosing herewith check No. 108/11 for $2409.00 in favor of ISKCON Press, so please do the needful.

Yesterday I received one newspaper, the Daily Californian, in which the whole correspondence between Dr. Staal and me is published, and they are very interesting. So if we get one small booklet printed under the caption "Krishna Consciousness Movement is Genuine Vedic Way: a cogent discussion between A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami, Acarya: International Society for Krishna Consciousness, and Dr. J. F. Staal, Professor of Philosophy and South Asian Languages, University of California, Berkeley." This pamphlet will help us in our propaganda to convince people that we have not manufactured something new in the name of Krishna Consciousness. Anyone who will read this exchange of correspondences will be convinced that we hold authority.

Still in your country people are under the impression that this movement is another edition of the Hippie movement. I think publication of this pamphlet and distributing them very liberally especially amongst educated circles, business men, and foundation authorities will do a great deal of help. You can consider and let me know your decision. I am enclosing one copy of the newspaper printing for your reference herewith.

Regarding the preface to NOD, it will be about 10 to 12 pages double spaced typewriting. On Sunday I have dispatched one reel, tape #31 KRSNA, in which up to point 20 there is KRSNA matter and after that, I think up to point 35, there is the first portion of NOD preface. so you can get it immediately transcribed. The second part of the preface I am sending herewith already transcribed. So you join together these two portions and compose as Preface. You can leave one page for dedication. In my next mail I shall send the matter of dedication.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
