~~Title: Letter to: Himavati — April 26, 1970~~
~~bc: Himavati — April 26, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Himavati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Himavati
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-26
showdate_hidden  : 2021-04-26
To_letters       : Himavati
Date_letter      : April 26
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Hamburg

My dear Himavati,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated sometime April, and I am so glad to learn that you are making advance in Krishna Consciousness as it is scheduled. It appears that you are on the attachment platform, this is very good. The next platform is ecstasy, and then pure love of God. So stick to your duties at the present moment, and when it is convenient you can go with the Sankirtana Party, but never neglect the __Arcana__ regulation at any cost. If you have no time, you are not required to go with the Sankirtana Party. Your first business is to take care of the Deities. Practically you see that everyone is appreciating your Deity worship and Srimati Radharani is smiling, so it is a great credit for you, so continue this engagement.

Regarding going together with Hansadutta on Sankirtana Party, no, there is no need of specifically helping Hansadutta because you are now engaged in direct service to the Lord, and it must be understood that this service is your specific duty.

I do not think you require a child for the purpose of example. You had one child, and by the desire of Krsna the child did not stay. Now you can forget of any child. Just do the present service with great care and affection, that will be your best service to Krsna. Better to accept Krsna as your child, and He will never leave you like material child. He will stay with you forever.

For raising children in Krsna Consciousness, you will get many opportunities to do so. When I was householder, I was just taking care of one or two children, but after retiring from my household life Krsna has given me chance to raise so many nice children for raising them to Krsna Consciousness. So instead of desiring to raise a bodily child to Krsna Consciousness, if you stick to this service, Krsna will give you many children for that purpose.

I am so glad to hear of Hansadutta's determination to become Krsna Conscious. The determination is difficult, Krsna Consciousness is not difficult---Krsna Consciousness is natural. One knows how to love another, so instead of loving so many others, one can very easily take to the business of loving Krsna---this is determination. That much is required, otherwise Krsna Consciousness is not difficult.

Regarding your question, a sinful person, never mind what kind of sinful man is he, is taken in subtle body to the place of Yamaraja, and there he is trained up in a particular type of suffering. As soon as he is trained up, he is given a particular body by which he can endure such sufferings.

You write to say that you look forward to that day when sense gratification will become simply insignificant, and yes that is the stage of pure Krsna Consciousness when our only desire is to be serving Krsna with no personal considerations whatsoever.

You want to do whatever is necessary for spreading this Krsna Consciousness Movement, so that desire will help you, and you will be able to serve my cause surely.

You ask how is it possible to actually become Krsna's servant; yes, it will be possible. Go on with your engagement, and it will be possible. Patiently go on.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
