---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — April 14, 1970",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — April 14, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — April 14, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Madhudvisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhudvisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-04-14
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-14
To_letters       : Madhudvisa
Date_letter      : April 14
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

San Francisco

My dear Madhudvisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you very much for your descriptive letter dated 6th April, 1970, introducing a new chapter in the history of your country---Lord Caitanya's Birthday ceremony publicly demonstrated. Please try to serve the foretelling of Lord Caitanya in this way, and as you write to say that 5,000 people danced without being requested, this is the genuine proof about the authenticity of Krishna Consciousness movement.

My students who are so kindly cooperating with me, if they rigidly stick to the routine work chalked out by me, namely chanting the prescribed rounds, observing the regulative principles, attending temple lectures and going out with Sankirtana Party, then without any fail our movement will go ahead.

I understand from the letter of Bahulasva as well as from your letter that police and public both have appreciated this transcendental procession. The general public of Berkeley had a bitter experience that whenever there was a large gathering like this, inevitably there was political upheaval, protest, and window-breaking, and a general havoc. But this unique procession has convinced them that our men are very nice and they can organize a great crowd without any violence. That is a fact: if people actually want peace and tranquillity, they must support this movement wholeheartedly, and we shall execute our prescribed duties very seriously and sincerely. In this way if we are given chance, I am sure we will enact a new chapter in the history of the Western world. Please therefore always pray to Krsna to give you strength and protection, and go on with your duty straight forward.

I am so pleased to learn how the crowd gave their attention to your street play. This is transcendental entertainment. And to distribute Prasadam sumptuously to the crowd is strictly in our Vedic tradition. Now the police have given you permission for continuing the program of festivals throughout the summer, so you get this permission positively. That will serve our purpose in many ways. If the people do not put any hindrance to our routine work, surely we will be able to render a great service to the state.

Another thing, whether Locana das can make a nice statue for placing in the sanctuary of this place? If he can, please send him immediately to do it immediately.

It is very encouraging to learn that you are so enthusiastic to sell BTG. I consider sale of BTG so valuable because in the beginning I worked for BTG day and night alone in India. I still remember the hardship for pushing on this BTG. In the beginning, when I was householder, I did not care if somebody paid or not paid; I used to distribute liberally. But when I left my household life and I was living alone sometimes in Vrndavana and sometimes in Delhi or sometimes travelling for pushing on BTG, they were very hard days. Therefore, when BTG will be published not in hundreds of thousands, but in millions, that will give me great solace.

Please offer my blessings to Uttama Sloka and his new wife. He is a very good devotee. May Krsna bless them to work together happily for their mutual advancement in Krishna Consciousness. I am so glad to know that your three centers have so nicely cooperated jointly to celebrate this festival. Please offer my blessings to all the boys and girls there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
