~~Title: Letter to: Ekayani — May 3, 1970~~
~~bc: Ekayani — May 3, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Ekayani ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ekayani
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-05-03
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-03
To_letters       : Ekayani
Date_letter      : May 3
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Bronx

My dear Ekayani,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your encouraging letter, dated 8th April, 1970, and I am so happy to note your steady enthusiasm to work harder in Krsna's service. So this enthusiasm is very good sign, and if you continue to become more and more enthusiastic to be always strictly engaged in devotional service while observing carefully the rules and regulations, Krsna will surely bestow upon you full success in Krsna Consciousness and thus your life will be happy and successful.

Regarding the color of Balaramaji, He is colored like milk white with little bluish tint and rosy luster. Our idea of whiteness is of the milk foam. Regarding whether ivory is offerable to Krsna, yes, ivory is pure. Although it is a bone of an animal, still it is as pure as the conchshell which is also the bone of an animal.

The six armed form which Lord Caitanya disclosed to Sarvabhauma Bhattacarya had two hands of Lord Ramacandra, two hands of Krsna and two hands of Lord Caitanya. Perhaps you have seen the picture in our New York temple which was brought from India by Kirtanananda Swami.

Your question why Lord Siva was ordered to appear as Sankaracarya and teach the Mayavada philosophy to turn the people to atheism and thus increase the population, that nobody can understand. If Krsna desired Lord Siva to do like that, so he had some plan which we need not understand. He is the Supreme Lord, and He is maintaining the huge universal affairs, so how does He do things and for what purpose He does them, it is very difficult to understand. Just like He planned the battle of Kuruksetra and He induced His friend, a great devotee, Arjuna, to kill. So why does He plan to make others atheist, it is known to him.

Our business is to glorify Him always, either He plans to dance with the Gopis, or He makes a plan to kill others on the battlefield of Kuruksetra, or He plans to do something which is not very good from materialistic point of view. Our only business is to remain steadfast devotee to Krsna in all conditions. That is the instruction given in Siksastaka, wherein it is said, "My Lord, whatever You like You can do, but unconditionally You are my only object of worship." That is pure devotion.

I am so glad to learn that there are two very nice women devotees now coming to the Temple regularly, and please offer them by blessings for advancing in Krsna Consciousness. Take care of them nicely so that they may learn our program of Krsna Conscious life very nicely. Let them chant regularly and follow the four basic principles and they will become firm in their faith in Krsna. If you recommend, I shall initiate them, so you can send sets of __new__ beads with their letters and some donation for the book fund. The standard form is that the initiate collects some alms by begging and offers it to the Spiritual Master as __daksina__ or presentation.

That is nice if you get that land in Miami and open a center there. You are intelligent and eager devotee, ready to spread Lord Krsna's teachings, so do it. That will be very good, it is an excellent proposal.

So as you say the deep Southern part of this country is virtually untouched, but I think Kirtanananda Maharaja has gone to several places there, and he has been very successful. So try to attract the students, they are our great future hope, and they will take up this matter very quickly because the students are not very contaminated.

The first two lines of the song "Haraye Namah Krsna" were sung by Lord Caitanya and His followers, but the other lines of song were composed later on by Srila Narottama Das Thakura.

Yes, fix up your mind on Krsna and everything will come out nice---be sure of this fact. Study scripture, always chant, love Krsna---and that is the success of life.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
