---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gaurasundara — May 22, 1970",
    "h1":"Gaurasundara — May 22, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Gaurasundara — May 22, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gaurasundara ======

My dear Gaurasundara,

Please accept my blessings and offer the same to Govinda dasi. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 19th May, 1970.

Formerly I thought I shall go along with Brahmananda, but later on I am sorry I was obliged to disappoint you on account of feeling not very enthusiastic to travel. Another point is that I am engaged in finishing the KRSNA book, and if I go even for 15 days, the progress will be halted. Another point is that in this new Temple Presidents from other centers are coming almost daily, and up to the end of May there are already engagements. So all these combined together hold me for the time being not to leave station; but don't be disappointed, as soon as I get opportunity I will come to you.

In the meantime, if yourself and Govinda dasi both come here, it will very much engladden me. Brahmananda is going to Japan via Honolulu, and you will talk with him about improvement of our New Navadvipa scheme, and we will cooperate with you in all respects. If you want more hands, that will also be given. And if both of you think that my presence also is very necessary, I don't think it is now very necessary, I shall not hesitate to go immediately.

On the whole, all you experienced and advanced students have to manage things very nicely, and if you occasionally come to me here for consultation and necessary instruction that will be easier for me and I can devote my time in finishing the books.

You sent three tickets out of which two are returned herewith, and one will be utilized by Ananda. Ananda is a very nice boy, silent worker, I think he will be of great help to you. For further talks you will have good opportunity meeting Brahmananda.

I shall be also very glad to know how Srimati Tulasi Devi is growing, and please send some Tulasi seeds to me here.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
