~~Title: Letter to: Brahmananda — June 2, 1970~~
~~bc: Brahmananda — June 2, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brahmananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-06-02
showdate_hidden  : 2022-06-02
To_letters       : Brahmananda
Date_letter      : June 2
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Tokyo

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I was so much anxious to hear from you in letter. Sometimes when there are many letters I think how I shall reply, but if I do not get letters from you I become still more discomfortable. So you please send me a letter at least once in a week, that will give me a great pleasure. Naturally I am anxious to know how different centers are working, and when I get good reports from them it gives me great solace.

I thank you very much that the work with Dai Nippon is going nicely. Gargamuni said that they want to increase price for printing the pictures one side. There is no need of such arrangements, there is no harm to do it as you have got it in TLC. I have received the blueprint from Uddhava and I have already corrected 180 pages and sent it to Boston, and the balance will be sent tomorrow. So there is no anxiety for this.

Here presidents from other centers, like Hayagriva, Rupanuga, and Kirtanananda Maharaja, etc. are staying in this Temple. Kirtanananda Maharaja yesterday played the church organ very nicely. We are going to have another meeting this evening with organ playing. So everything is going nice in this center, and perhaps you remember the park which they have constructed, it is very, very nice.

So you have gone to Japan, make perfect arrangement for our printing work---BTG, Srimad-Bhagavatam, etc., and let me peacefully write books. I wanted the help of an editor. In the present Krsna book everything is done nice, but there are many mistakes, but on the whole the work is nice. So if our books are regularly printed and the magazines are regularly distributed, and occasionally you visit the centers, that will be very nice program.

So far possibility of opening centers, it is now definitely ascertained that there will be no difficulty to maintain a center anywhere on the basis of present procedure. The only thing required is that we have to create some nice devotees and expand opening of centers. Gargamuni is very much enthusiastic on this point, and he has recently opened another center in San Diego. Rupanuga also informs that there is possibility of opening many other centers. He was recommending Chicago as a very nice place for opening our center. So kindly you all together help me in these missionary activities and open at least 108 centers---that will satisfy me---and complete the publication of Srimad-Bhagavatam.

May Krsna bless you for long life, and engage yourself in this Krsna Consciousness movement.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
