~~Title: Letter to: Govinda — June 13, 1970~~
~~bc: Govinda — June 13, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Govinda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Govinda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-06-13
showdate_hidden  : 2020-06-13
To_letters       : Govinda
Date_letter      : June 13
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Honolulu

My dear Govinda dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 3rd june, 1970.

I have received the Tulasi seeds and the instructions. Immediately I have handed it over to Karandhara, and he is taking care of it nicely, but the seeds are not yet sprouted---today is the sixth day. So the factual result will be informed to you in due course.

Brahmananda took with him the tape recorder for you. I hope you have received it. Devananda several weeks ago sent you one tape for transcribing, so what happened to this proposal? You wanted some tapes for transcribing work, but I have not heard anything from you.

Regarding my going to Hawaii, you are repeatedly requesting me, and formerly also I promised, but at the present moment I am terribly very busy. Brahmananda is in Japan for printing several books, therefore I am regularly making tapes for sending to Boston. Of course you can say that I can make the tapes from Hawaii, but there is difficulty that my whole library of reference books is here and it is not possible to carry them all. Therefore I have curtailed my moving. I shall go to the Rathayatra festival for one to two days only.

From other centers also they want me to go there. I have received letter from Australia to go there. So by the grace of Krsna now we have got 32 branches. From London also Syamasundara desired that I shall go there during Rathayatra festival. So I have curtailed all these programs, and I am concentrating here. So even if I go there to Hawaii, I do not think that I shall be able to stay there more than a week, and for which you have to spend two men's double fare. I therefore request you and Gaurasundara to come to San Francisco during Rathayatra festival with sufficient mangos, and you will see the Rathayatra, and I have got some serious talks with Gaurasundara and yourself for organizing New Navadvipa.

So you come to San Francisco, both husband and wife, and meet me there because I want to see you both since a long time. And after coming there, if you still insist, then I may go to Hawaii for a week only. I think this is not advisable. The best thing would be that you come to San Francisco and I give you instruction for developing New Navadvipa, so that next march when there will be Lord Caitanya's Birthday I must go there. It is my desire that three places at the present moment namely San Francisco (New Puri), New Vrndavana and New Navadvipa should be especially organized for three great festivals; namely Janmastami, Rathayatra and Phalguni Purnima or Lord Caitanya's Birthday. On these occasions not only myself but all the devotees should assemble in these places and we shall meet together for the mutual advancement of our centers. So by all means you, husband and wife, come to San Francisco during Rathayatra festival.

Please convey my blessings to all the boys and girls, and hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
