~~Title: Letter to: Jadurani, Bharadraja, Muralidhara — June 4, 1970~~
~~bc: Jadurani, Bharadraja, Muralidhara — June 4, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Jadurani, Bharadraja, Muralidhara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jadurani, Bharadraja, Muralidhara
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-06-04
showdate_hidden  : 2023-06-04
To_letters       : Jadurani, Bharadraja, Muralidhara
Date_letter      : June 4
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Boston

My dear Jadurani, Bharadraja, and Muralidhara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated nil, and I see that it is approved by the President. So anyone of my students can inquire from me in the matter of serving Krsna directly, and especially you are advanced and approved students. Sometimes somebody sends some irrelevant inquiries which students should not have asked from the Spiritual Master, and for them the restrictive circular was issued. So you are at liberty to send your letters directly, and I will reply them duly.

So far painting the pictures, you are already doing it nicely as I have seen so many pictures in KRSNA, and I am also answering specific inquiries, so there is no difficulty. The best thing is you use your discrimination. I was advised that Narada Muni was to be painted on __Easy Journey,__ but the picture which is given on it was suggested by me. The best thing will be that you paint pictures to your best discretion, and in controversial points you can write to me and I will send instructions.

All of you are expert painters, so your mutual decision for painting a picture is more valuable than my suggestion. The descriptions are already there given in the book, so there is no difficulty to take out the points and prepare a sketch.

Yes, I am very glad that temple arrangement in Boston is nicely being carried out and new devotees are joining---this is the success of preaching work. Preaching work means increasing the number of our family members. Krsna is our head man in the family; Kartamarshi means head man. According to Vedic system, Kartmarshi is asked in the morning by his wife what kind of foodstuffs he will like to take on that day. And the kartamarshi or the head man of the family will dictate some preparation, and that will be the accepted as the foodstuff for everyone on that day. Similarly, our principle should be to act in the way as Krsna will feel satisfaction.

Krsna wants everyone of the living entities to go back to home, back to Godhead, so if we can induce even one person to understand that this material world is not meant for our living, our real home is in the spiritual world, and if we can convince this philosophy to even a single person, that is the success of our missionary activities.

Jambavan the name does not suggest a bear, because his daughter was one of the queens of Dvaraka married by Krsna. Just like sometimes our name is Krsna, that does not mean that I am real Krsna, but I am Krsna Das or servant of Krsna. From the description of Srimad-Bhagavatam we understand that this Jambavan was very sturdy and strong fighter. Sometimes we get such picture of bodily construction of a black man in your country. So in this way you can guess what should be the features of his body. But certainly he was not a bear.

Hope this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
