---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — July 15, 1970",
    "h1":"Upendra — July 15, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — July 15, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Upendra ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Upendra
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-07-15
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-15
To_letters       : Upendra
Date_letter      : July 15
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Sydney

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters (2) dated 8th July, 1970, and noted the contents. Janne is still staying here and she is enjoying the company of the devotees. I know that Tirthapada is a very nice and good boy. He is ready for all kinds of service. Now you are three strong male devotees and many girls are also helping you, and I hope you have now full strength for preaching work. In future if it is so required you may have one or two more from London, but the best thing will be to recruit devotees locally---that is the success of preaching work.

Regarding harassment of our devotees, Yes, this is not a new thing in the history of the world that preachers are sometimes persecuted. But at the present status of civilization I do not think anybody will be crucified like Lord Jesus Christ. Hiranyakasipu persecuted his own son and only five years old. So the demons and atheists are always prepared to give trouble to the devotees. Sometimes the demons like Kamsa are prepared to kill God even. During Lord Caitanya's time Thakura Haridasa was also persecuted and put into jail. Not only that, he was whipped in twenty-two market places, but still the demons could not come out successful in the snubbing down of the Hare Krsna Movement. So do not be worried about this. Go on about your business. Krsna will give you all help, rest assured. Simply stick to you work seriously and sincerely.

Rathayatra festival was successfully performed in San Francisco, London and Tokyo also and you may write to Durlabha about the films.

Regarding your question---What does it mean: "We are all originally Krsna conscious entities."---We are always with Krsna. Where is not Krsna present? So how you can say that we were before? You are always with Krsna and when we forget this fact we are far, far away from Him. In the Isopanisad it is clearly stated that __tad dure tad vantike__ "He is very away, but He is very near as well." (Iso. mantra 5). So this forgetfulness is our falldown. It can take place at any moment, and we can counteract this forgetfulness immediately rising to the platform of Krsna consciousness.

Yes, your have correctly answered your second question by the purport that Arjuna's mind was already absorbed in knowing Krsna as his friend so he should not give up that status but he should only change his vision for the time in order to see the Universal Form of the Lord.

Regarding the three beads missing from your set of japa beads, just string three beads in place. That is all that is necessary.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
