---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa, Uddhava — July 27, 1970",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa, Uddhava — July 27, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa, Uddhava — July 27, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa, Uddhava ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa, Uddhava
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-07-27
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-27
To_letters       : Satsvarupa, Uddhava
Date_letter      : July 27
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Boston

My dear Satsvarupa and Uddhava,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your express letters and have noted the contents carefully.

You are all my children and I love my American boys and girls who are sent to me by my spiritual master and I have accepted them as my disciples. Before coming to your country I took sannyasa in 1959. I was publishing BTG since 1944. After taking sannyasa I was more engaged in writing my books without any attempt to construct temples or to make disciples like my other Godbrothers in India. I was not very much interested in these matters because my Guru Maharaja liked very much publication of books than constructing big, big temples and creating some neophyte disciples. As soon as he saw that His neophyte disciples were increasing in number, He immediately decided to leave this world. To accept disciples means to take up the responsibility of absorbing the sinful reaction of life of the disciple.

At the present moment in our ISKCON campus politics and diplomacy has entered. Some of my beloved students on whom I counted very, very much have been involved in this matter influenced by Maya. As such there has been some activity which I consider as disrespectful. So I have decided to retire and divert attention to book writing and nothing more.

The ISKCON Press was specifically established exclusively for printing my books. Please therefore give me an idea how you can help me in getting all my manuscripts printed as soon a possible. Whenever Advaita is submitting an estimate for printing my books, I am supplying the money immediately. So far the finance is concerned, Krsna is supplying. Therefore if you simply print my books in the Press incessantly, that will give me great delight.

Please therefore let me know how far you can all help me in this connection and what are the manuscripts ready for printing. I think I shall now stop all other activities except publishing of my books. Kindly enlighten me per return mail.

Hope you are all well and offer my blessings to all boys and girls in your temple.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I think the wrongly printed pictures may be cancelled and fresh printing should be done. If not, it will create a very bad impression of our Press management.\\
ACBS:dm
