~~Title: Letter to: Syamasundara — July 19, 1970~~
~~bc: Syamasundara — July 19, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Syamasundara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Syamasundara
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-07-19
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-19
To_letters       : Syamasundara
Date_letter      : July 19
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

London

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter dated 10th July, 1970. Before that I received one postcard from you in Amsterdam. I was expecting your letter since a long time, but I could understand that you were very busy with Rathayatra festival, and I am very glad to learn that this time you made Lord Jagannatha's car as strong as a warship. I can see from the picture it is very sturdy and tall also.

Your report for organizing village schools in England is very encouraging.* Similarly I have received report of Amsterdam also very nice. So it can be easily guessed that Europe is a very good field for spreading this movement. So in consultation with Tamala kindly take up the grammar school organization immediately. In childhood the impression taken continues life long, so try to train little English and Dutch boys to be accustomed to chant and dance.

I am so glad that your daughter, Sarasvati, is growing nicely Krsna conscious. I always remember about your daughter's movement when she was coming up stairs in Ascot and sitting by me. May Krsna bless her to grow a Krsna conscious child. You will be glad to know that her picture catching my hand is now published in our ISKCON Handbook.

Regarding KRSNA book, one copy was sent from Japan directly to George's address attention of your name. Perhaps George has got it. Please inquire and see to it. Brahmananda has arranged to send you 2500 copies of KRSNA in London. Please try to sell them quickly and send the money so I can print the second part which is already prepared. In the first volume the pictures are so attractive that in San Francisco during the car festival 22 copies were sold immediately. I hope you will have very good market for this book in European English speaking places.

Regarding George Harrison, I think you have sufficiently helped him. He has also rendered service to Krsna, undoubtedly, so gradually, surely he will improve in Krsna consciousness---there is no doubt about it. In my previous letter I inquired if George requires some copies of KRSNA for free distribution to his friends. In that case you can give him 50-100 copies as he desires.

You are expecting to see me, but I also expected to see the London Rathayatra, but you made no arrangement so what can I do? So let us meet by Sankirtana. I also do not feel separation from my Guru Maharaja. When I am engaged in His service His pictures give me sufficient strength. To serve the Spiritual Master's word is more important than to serve him physically. Please try to open as many branches as possible in European countries.

Regarding your program for the grammar schools, Yogesvara wants to write some books for children. So let him write and introduce them in the schools. If nice pictures are inserted the books will become very popular. I have already said; again I repeat, go from village to village and get them interested in Krsna.

You write to say that many nice devotees are coming, Oxford graduates, etc., and there is demand for temples by the people in many countries like Sweden and South Africa. These are all good news, so try to utilize these opportunities. When I hear all these things immediately I wish to go myself personally.

Please offer my blessings to Murari. I do not know if his wife, Lilavati, and daughter are already there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*If you want I can dispatch four Sannyasis for this preaching work.\\
ACBS:db
