~~Title: Letter to: Upendra — August 18, 1970~~
~~bc: Upendra — August 18, 1970~~

====== Letter to: Upendra ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Upendra
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-08-18
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-18
To_letters       : Upendra
Date_letter      : August 18
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Tokyo
----

Sydney

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 12th August, 1970.

Yes, for the present I am in Tokyo and arranging to reprint some of our books and magazines to the extent of 70,000 copies and I am also awaiting the manuscript of KRSNA, Volume II, as well as Hindi magazine. So altogether there will be about 100,000 copies of different books and literatures which will all be carried to India for distribution.

The idea of going to India is to organize our Mayapur center tributed by a number of subordinate branches in a number of cities in India. We have already got invitation from various places like Mt. Abu, Nainital Hill Station, Gorakhpur and many other important cities. With my party at the present moment we are five Sannyasis and one householder. In India there are two Brahmacaris. So if we actually work together we can factually do something substantial there in India. So arrangement is being made for this purpose.

Yes, I shall not be able to attend New Vrndavana meeting and the picture kindly sent by you will certainly be properly utilized and placed somewhere for worshiping.

Yes, I received one letter from Bali Mardan which I have replied to Sydney address, but today I have received one letter from him from L.A. He is on the way to New Vrndavana. I understand on his way he was on Fiji Island and there is a very good prospect to open a branch at Fiji.

Please always remain busy in Krsna Conscious activities and there will be no disturbance created by Maya. That is the standard of real peace. Without Krsna's association there is no possibility of peaceful condition of life. We can associate with Krsna in so many ways by chanting His Holy Name, by hearing His Qualities and Pastimes, by seeing His Beautiful Form in Arca Deity, by eating His Prasad, by contacting His Devotees, by travelling to His Temple and Holy Pilgrimages and after all by thinking of Him within our heart always. All these different items are identified with Krsna because He is the Absolute Truth.

It is a known fact that Maya is very strong, but one who associates with Krsna in the above mentioned ways, Maya can show no strength or Maya converts herself from Maha Maya to Yoga Maya.

Kindly observe the regulative principles, chanting 16 rounds regularly and see that all your other assistants are doing the same. If someone is lacking, try to induce him peacefully. The schedule of your activities appears to be very encouraging.

You have stated, "I have with contrite heart decided to bow my rotten head to all authority and to serve You with my heart and soul." Your assurance is very encouraging and I thank you very much.

Tirthapada is your very sincere devotee and combined with him the activities there will be very much exemplary. I have sent the poetry written by Tirthapada to Satsvarupa for publication in BTG.

You are good for everything but your attitude to remain good for nothing is very nice. A Vaisnava is always humble and meek and he is never puffed even he has got the highest qualities of demigods. You are always welcome to write me directly.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:dsb
