---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka, Acyutananda — August 20, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka, Acyutananda — August 20, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka, Acyutananda — August 20, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka, Acyutananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayapataka, Acyutananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-08-20
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-20
To_letters       : Jayapataka, Acyutananda
Date_letter      : August 20
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Tokyo
----

Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka and Acyutananda,

Please accept my blessings. On receipt of your telegram dated 18th August, 1970, I have decided to start from here for Calcutta on the 29th August, reaching there in the evening of the same day. I hope you have received my telegram reading as follows by this time.

"We six arriving Calcutta Saturday 29 August 7:40 evening KLM flight number 864 Letter follows"

The purpose of my going to India at the present moment is to give some idea to the communistic tendency of the people so that everyone may take Krsna Consciousness for a solution of all problems of life. When I came to your country, U.S.A., I began my preaching work by chanting Hare Krsna Mantra and by talking some philosophy from __Bhagavad-gita__ and __Srimad-Bhagavatam__ and thus the younger generation of your country gathered around me and now they are gratefully acknowledging that they have got something substantial, when they were feeling confused and frustrated. Many young boys and girls are now happy by getting this Krsna Consciousness and similarly I hope the communist young boys and girls in India will also feel similarly if they accept this Krsna Consciousness Movement.

Krsna Consciousness Movement is not a sectarian religion, but it is a solution for all the problems of life. In other words, Krsna is good for everyone. The idea is Krsna is substance and Maya is illusion. Illusion is accepted as void and impersonal, but Krsna is the Summum Bonum Person. Krsna is one and Maya is zero. Zero by the side of One is ten, but thousands of zeros clogged together do not make one. So there are many ideas within this world put forth by many philosophers, politicians, religionists, philanthropists, etc., but all of them are considered as illusion or zeros if there is no Krsna Consciousness. We have to push forward this philosophy throughout the whole world. We have sufficient support for acknowledging this philosophy.

I understand that nowadays many strikes are being observed in Calcutta. These are not new things because from our childhood we know Bengal is the origin of all political agitation. Lord Caitanya appeared in Bengal and He said that simply by chanting Hare Krsna Mantra everyone will have perfection by one's idealistic way of life. Now it is the time for the Bengalis or for the Indians to understand that this Hare Krsna Mantra will also bring in the perfection of communistic ideas. If you can therefore arrange a small meeting with the Bengali Communist leaders, I can try to convince them how Krsna Consciousness Movement is very much congenial for their purpose.

I hope the Mayapur land purchase is by this time completed. In your previous letter you wrote that if I am present there it will be done. Immediately also for this purpose I am going to Calcutta.

So keeping in view of the above two points, please arrange for our accommodation and I shall try my best to give some service to all persons concerned.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
