---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yamuna — September 16, 1970",
    "h1":"Yamuna — September 16, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Yamuna — September 16, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-09-16
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-16
To_letters       : Yamuna
Date_letter      : September 16
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

My dear Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I am so much pleased to receive your letter dated Hrsikesa 22, 484 Caitanya Era and I am so glad to learn that our London Temple is very, very well managed under your supervision. Kindly continue this standard of Temple management---that will make me very happy.

Here in India I am trying to establish a branch. We have come here eight strong Vaisnavas and Tamala Krsna is also with me. We are getting encouragement and there is similar situation in New York and other U.S. cities. Yesterday morning Tamala along with other two devotees went to the downtown quarters and they immediately gathered about five hundred men and collected 25 rupees also without any magazine or literature. Books and magazines worth about $60,000 are coming from Tokyo very shortly, then we will have vigorous preaching work in Calcutta. We are already in a very nice house, five stories, and we are getting another still better house in North Calcutta.

The program executed by you on Janmastami and Nandotsava Days appears to be very nice and I am so glad that you remember my childhood name "Nandu" given by one of my uncles.

Regarding your program of duties for the brahmacaris and brahmacarinis and grhastha men and women, this is a very nice arrangement. The girls should manage internally and the boys should manage externally. So all of you have my hearty blessings for your kind service to Lord Krsna. Be always engaged in this way and become happy.

I understand that Syamasundara and Gurudasa are appointed to oversee the European centers in the absence of Tamala Krsna, so ask them to send reports once in a fortnight. I am very anxious to see our "Back to Godhead" printed in French and German languages just like our English language edition.

I have received the news clippings sent by you. These articles are very nice. I have seen and I am showing everyone who comes to me.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
