---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — September 13, 1970",
    "h1":"Karandhara — September 13, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — September 13, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Karandhara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Karandhara
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-09-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-13
To_letters       : Karandhara
Date_letter      : September 13
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

Los Angeles

My dear Karandhara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated August 31st, 1970, and noted the contents. I am very glad to know that you are travelling to Portland, Oregon, with some other devotees for the purpose of establishing a new center there with the help of Syamasundara. That is very encouraging news.

I am so glad to learn that you are having nice success in placing my books in the libraries and in schools and colleges. That is very much to my satisfaction, so please continue your program for placing these Krsna Consciousness literatures in all the libraries and schools and colleges. I am sure that this will revolutionize the thinking of the thoughtful men of your country as well as the students and professors and the ultimate end will be to save the world from the clutches of material illusory activities which is now causing havoc everywhere.

It is a great encouragement to me also that the GBC is carefully revising the program of our temples in view of the recent attacks upon our Society. I am very much counting upon you all to keep the standard of Krsna Consciousness as I have already instructed you both orally and in my literatures.

I have received one letter of statement from Dai Nippon Printing Company that the "Bhaktivedanta Book Fund Deposit" has been credited with $10,000 up to the 29th of August, leaving a balance due of $22,100. I have advised them of your last check No. 225 dated August 29th for $1,500. So please continue to send them checks as you are doing so that they may receive another full $10,000 before shipment is made. This will leave still another $12,100 balance due from the original total of $32,100 which may be payed up after the shipment is made.

Regarding the packages sent to me in Los Angeles, if there is any sweets etc. they may be distributed among the devotees and so far clothes are concerned they may be kept in my wardrobe there for me. If there are any clothes for my Deities, however, they can be sent here by Air Post.

Regarding the four Sannyasis, I have already written to them in care of the Detroit temple requesting them to not preach anything which may hamper the growth of our Society. But I have not received any reply from them. Please try to help these boys and advise them on my behalf not to waste time in such fruitless endeavor. I hope in the meantime I shall receive their reply by the grace of Krsna.

Yes, I am so glad that your center is doing so well and all the devotees are now appreciating the presence of their Spiritual Master by following His instructions although He is no longer physically present---this is the right spirit.

Please keep me informed of your activities regularly.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
