---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta, Himavati — October 21, 1970",
    "h1":"Hansadutta, Himavati — October 21, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta, Himavati — October 21, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hansadutta, Himavati ======

Calcutta

My dear Hansadutta and Himavati,

Please accept my blessings. I stayed in Bombay more than ten days, but I did not receive any letter from you. Hope you are all doing well. In Bombay the preaching work was very nice and now we are come to Amritsar, invited by the Vedant Niketan. This morning I have reached here and the reception was very nice.

I am very much anxious to hear what you are doing there and if you have made any life members by this time.

I have instructed Mr. Siddheswar Sen for registration of our Society in India and he was to do that after the Puja ceremonies. But in the meantime I have left Calcutta, so you have to see him immediately and do the needful. He will make the necessary papers and you have to pay only Rs. 50 for the fee of registration. The London Memorandum of Association is already in his possession and he will make the necessary corrections to fit the Indian situation. The copy is with him. Simply see that the new registration under Society Acts Number-1860 is made and let me know the result.

Regarding our Indian centers, it is already decided that in Bombay we must have a center first and negotiation is going on seriously. If we cannot open many centers in India, at least one center must be opened in Bombay before we go back to the States.

Now I have received one telegram by Jayapataka, intimating Ramananda's arrival as well as asking my advice regarding the construction of our Calcutta centre at Jaju's place. I have already written one letter to Jaju, the copy of which is sent herewith. Both you and Kirtanananda Maharaja or Acyutananda Maharaja must see him immediately to inquire if he agrees to my proposal mentioned in the letter. The plan is already made complete and if he agrees, then immediately the construction may be begun.

How many life members have been made since my departure? How many you have made and how many Acyutananda Maharaja has made? Until the Society is registered, you should go on depositing the money in my book fund account with the Central Bank of India, Ballyganj Branch. My passbook is with Jayapataka. He was advised to send it to Bombay. Please let me now if he has done it, if not keep this passbook with my next letter.

So kindly send me immediately a general report of Calcutta situation. I am sending herewith a note for Ramananda; please hand it over to him.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
