---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Vamanadeva — November 12, 1970",
    "h1":"Vamanadeva — November 12, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Vamanadeva — November 12, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Vamanadeva ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Vamanadeva
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-11-12
showdate_hidden  : 2023-11-12
To_letters       : Vamanadeva
Date_letter      : November 12
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Vamanadeva,

Please accept my blessings and offer the same to your excellent wife Srimati Indira Dasi. I am so glad to hear from you after some time. I have been recently travelling all over the land of India and just recently I have come back to Bombay where I have received your letter redirected from Calcutta. I am so much pleased that you are carrying on our Krsna Consciousness program with such nice enthusiasm and devotion in St. Louis. I think St. Louis is an important city in your country, so you must do the large work of making the whole place Krsna conscious.

Similarly we are trying in India to establish some centers and the response of the people here has been very favorable towards our movement which they have found to be a great stimulus to the revival of Krsna consciousness which they have been forsaking for the imitation of your Western material prosperity. You all my students must simply maintain your standard of pure conduct in Pure Krsna Consciousness and everyone will be satisfied that this is the best way to bring in the needed peace and prosperity to the world.

I am very pleased to learn that you have several new devotees with you and the Temple has been completely renovated. It is a very nice house, so simply make it a palace for Lord Krsna and Srimati Radharani and that will be the perfection of its utilization and you will become perfect and happy by this work. Please continue your work in the "Bhakti-Yoga Society" at the University, the students cannot be over-estimated as our best prospects. The new growth of Tulasi is testimony to your sincere devotion because she will only grow and flourish in an atmosphere of Krsna Consciousness. Please see that the regular rules and practices are strictly followed by all the inmates and keep improving the quality of your Deity worship---this will keep you firmly fixed in the Absolute Truth. Always try to increase the distribution of literatures and more sincere persons will be attracted by this. Please work in coordination with Sriman Bhagavan das and the other GBC members and make progress in your center.

I beg to thank you for your kind invitation and certainly I shall be very happy to stay for a while in St. Louis when returning to the U.S. conveniently.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
