---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 20, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — December 20, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 20, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayapataka
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-12-20
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-20
To_letters       : Jayapataka
Date_letter      : December 20
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Surat
----

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters dated the 16th instant addressed to me and Tamala Krsna as along with a Bengali letter from Sagar Maharaja. This morning I have received also your telegram and I have replied as follows; "Reduce the period as they like. Payment in full on vacant possession. Letter follows. A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami." The idea is that we can arrange to pay them immediately 6.2 lakhs if we get full vacant possession. But I think it is not possible because the tenant cannot vacate within less than six months. We are not interested in realizing the rent from the house; we need the place for our own accommodation. Therefore vacant possession is essential. The best thing will be that let them give us possession of the ground floor and we are prepared to pay them proportionately immediately up to two lakhs of rupees or more. The balance will be paid as early as possible when we get the other two stories vacant---it is up to them. Some arrangements should be made like that.

You have suggested in your letter dated December 16th that a gentle lawyer has prepared to give us free service in the above transaction---it is welcome. As you have suggested you can immediately form a committee with five or six men comprising Mr. Mohta, Mrs. Birla, Mr. Poddar and Mr. Buwalka and any two of you, preferably yourself and Madhudvisa Maharaja. You can immediately form this fund raising committee and do the needful.

So far Sagar Maharaja is concerned, I have already written him a letter care of Mr. Pradhan as he gave the address. So if his presence is necessary, he can remain, otherwise, he may come back with the typewriter and my books.

Just now I have received telephonic message form Tamala the book affair is settled up and he is returning on Tuesday.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
