---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — December 28, 1970",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — December 28, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — December 28, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1970-12-28
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-28
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : December 28
Year_letter      : 1970
Place_letter     : Surat
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated December 23rd, 1970, Along with a press letter. I am very glad that Advaita has come back to his position, but I am very much concerned that there is a Mayavadi Sannyasi among yourselves. According to Caitanya Mahaprabhu, anything spoken by the Mayavadis is very, very dangerous. If the Sannyasi who has come to our shelter becomes clean shaved and keeps a sikha with beads on his neck and chants Hare Krsna Mantra 16 rounds at least and changes his dress, then he can be allowed to stay with us. Until six months pass he cannot lecture in the meetings. On these conditions, he can render us service in the matter of Sanskrit composition, otherwise there is no need of him. Please take immediate steps in this connection and let me know what you have done in this matter.

The $28,000 plus $800 contributed by Sai may not be touched for any other purpose until you hear from me. Dai Nippon's debt regarding BTG should be liquidated by the Department of BTG. Why the debt should be cleared with a contribution which Krsna has sent for another purpose? I can understand that from London the payment is not regularly coming from the very beginning, so in order to counteract this anomaly I shall be sending someone out of the four important members to check out the condition of London. Most probably Hansadutta will very soon go there.

At present I am at Surat, which is very nice city in India. People are very responsive and we are getting practically every day a Life Member. There is an important meeting in Calcutta on the sixth of January, so I may be going there on the 5th of January, 1971. I am writing you this letter in great haste on account of being concerned about a Mayavadi Sannyasi being present among you. Therefore, if he completely surrenders to our principles and lives as other newcomers live, then he can be allowed. Otherwise there is no need of his staying with us.

My next letter will follow very soon. You can offer my thanks to Advaita. The dummy Bhagavad-gita sent by him is approved by me. If it is possible it may be improved further.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
