~~Title: Letter to: Damodara — January 10, 1971~~
~~bc: Damodara — January 10, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Damodara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Damodara
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-01-10
showdate_hidden  : 2021-01-10
To_letters       : Damodara
Date_letter      : January 10
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Allahabad
----

My dear Damodara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your encouraging letter dated 12th December, 1970. I have carefully noted the enclosed photographs as well, and I am so glad to see how you are nicely conducting Sankirtana activities in important places in your nation's capital city.

It is my firm conviction that this Krsna Consciousness Movement of Lord Caitanya's will be successful in all parts of the world if our students kindly continue in their enthusiastic endeavors to distribute this message freely to all persons. Our Movement is now appreciated all over the world and it is gradually coming to the attention of the important leaders of the present society, so it is incumbent upon us to keep our spiritual strength by rigidly following the regulative principles; then we can deal adequately with all facilities offered by the Lord for expediting His Holy Mission. I am confident that all our sincere intelligent young devotees like your good self will carry this program to fruitful conclusion namely the delivery of the Holy Name to all the fallen souls suffering in varieties of conditional misery and material happiness. Please execute your program for distribution of literatures and Sankirtana, therefore, with increased vogor and may Krsna bless your sincere efforts to serve Him faithfully.

It is very good news that you are introducing courses in Krsna Consciousness in the Universities and the yoga institutes. As you know this is the only real yoga---bhakti yoga---and it is the only practical means for God realization in this age. So you are doing the greatest good for your countrymen and the world at large by introducing this sublime movement for regaining out lost position as eternal servants of the Supreme Personality of Godhead Krsna.

Please continue to distribute our books, that is a very important business. Your idea for film distribution is also good, so do it nicely in cooperation with the GBC. I am very much anxious that at the same time as you carry out all these outside activities you are maintaining a strict schedule of Temple activities. Such regular activities like attendance of Arati, chanting of rounds, study of literatures in the class will keep you fit for effective preaching work in the outer field. Our standard of purity must be kept, otherwise there will be loss of spiritual strength, and subsequent fall down. Everyone of you should be thoroughly convinced of the power of the Hare Krsna mantra to protect you in all circumstances and chant accordingly at all times without offense. Then advancement will be swift and you will gradually come to see everything clearly so that you may act for the pleasure of the Lord without uncertainty. When one is spontaneously engaged in this way, always in the service of the Lord and anxious to avoid all mundane activities, he is actually experiencing the taste of bliss in Krsna consciousness.

Please offer my blessings to your good wife, Mrganetra, and I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
