---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — January 17, 1971",
    "h1":"Karandhara — January 17, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — January 17, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Karandhara ======

Los Angeles

My dear Karandhara,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your three letters dated 12.21.70, 1.1.71 and 1.7.71, along with four sets of beads and one letter from the Indian boy who is now in Boston. I have replied his letter separately. I have gladly initiated all the four new boys and girls as recommended by you and I am sending them each a letter and their beads together by separate post.

Please go ahead and print Bhagavad-gita as soon as possible. I am very pleased that you are regularly sending Dai Nippon for my "Bhaktivedanta Book Fund Deposit." Thank you very much for this good work. According to our account based upon Dai Nippon Credit Notes the total deposit up to and including the latest (No. 26) is $35,995. This is $500 more than your figure. The same discrepancy was noted to you some time back perhaps by Devananda. I have asked Dai Nippon for a complete statement of account to clear the matter. The money from Sai's group and the maintenance fund collection should be deposited for some solid work. We have to maintain ourselves from other sources. You can deposit the amount in my Bank of America Checking Account No. 3082-80075. In the meantime I have ordered the third printing of KRSNA Volume I, so I am confident of our distribution program's success if you all work on diligently. I am so pleased with your humble and sincere efforts in all these matters.

You are praying for Krsna's guidance and yes, Krsna will always guide you. You are always so sincerely working. He is inside you and He will guide you. Simply we have to keep ourselves always pure.

You say that Krsna book is selling singularly well. That is solid sale because the book is new, when it is popular the distributers will take it. Your propose to print Krsna book in the 10,000,000/millions. That is nice proposal, but I think it is still insufficient. I am glad you have launched your membership program. That is nice. We are doing that very nicely in India. Your Sunday Prasadam feast program is now successful. At the feast you can canvass everyone to become our member. Everyone is Krsna's son, so if one is mislead it is our duty to reclaim him for Krsna and one who is engaged in such work is soon recognized by Krsna.

I expect to return very soon via New York, Boston, etc.. Yes, you may perform the ceremony for second initiation for Tulsi das, Krsnakanti, Locana das, Nitai das, Jayatirtha, Karuna Sindhu, Sarola devi, and Maithili devi. The ceremony should be held as usual. Before the ceremony the chief Brahmana chants Gayatri silently. The tape should be played through a set of earphones so that only the initiate hears the mantra. They should hear once only repeating the mantras word by word with the tape record. Devananda says the instructions are there on xerox in a file labelled Prayers, Ceremonies, etc.

The file is in the top drawer of the file cabinet in his small office, so you can get it out and follow the instructions given there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds\\
Please send the RED nickel-cadmium battery charging cable for the UHER and an earphone also. They must be purchased and sent as soon as possible.
