~~Title: Letter to: Gargamuni — February 16, 1971~~
~~bc: Gargamuni — February 16, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gargamuni
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-02-16
showdate_hidden  : 2020-02-16
To_letters       : Gargamuni
Date_letter      : February 16
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Gorakhpur
----

Gainesville, Florida

My dear Gargamuni Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter dated 2nd February, 1971, although it was redirected from one place to another. At the present moment, I am staying in a big bungalow of Gita Press of Gorakhpur. Temporarily we have installed nice big Deities and people are coming here to the fullest extent of the hall. Our preaching on the basis of Personal God is almost revolutionary in India also. Last night somebody said that Aurobindo is greater than Krsna. So this is the world situation. Somebody is Krsna Himself, somebody is greater than Krsna, somebody says Krsna has no form, somebody says that Krsna is dead and so on. Our program is to offer vehement protest against all these nonsensical declarations. I am so glad to know that you are preaching alone assisted by a Brahmacari at Gainesville and it is very encouraging that you are introducing our philosophy in schools, colleges, etc. This should be our present program of work. If you can introduce our books in the schools and colleges and libraries and preach there about our philosophy, that will be a great success.

My suggestion to you for going to Pakistan was on the following point: if any mission goes to Pakistan from India, they will not allow. But Pakistan is on good friendly terms with the U.S.A. as far as we know from the political situation. Therefore my idea was that an ISKCON mission may go to Pakistan directly from America. I am sure that if a mission from America goes there they will not deny to admit them. It is not very difficult task, but it is difficult also, simultaneously. It is not a difficult task in this way: as we are going in so many countries, you can also go there with the Krsna Consciousness mission. But as they are not very advanced in culture, there is possibility of misunderstanding also. So both yourself and Brahmananda Maharaja may thoroughly consider this point also, before going there. On the whole, I am not insisting you to go there, but if it is possible for you to go there four to five men and preach this Krsna cult there, that will be a great achievement.

Our point is that Krsna is neither Hindu, nor Mohammedan nor Christian---He is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Proprietor of everything, the Supreme Enjoyer and the most well-wishing friend of everyone. We want to impress these three points everywhere and by such understanding surely there will be peace and prosperity all over the world. So there is no hurry. Think twice before going there. But if you think the circumstances are not favorable, then forget this idea.

I am very glad to see the photographs and news articles sent by you. I am receiving similar photographs from Subala Maharaja in Europe and it is very encouraging. I have not heard from Brahmananda Maharaja and Visnujana Maharaja* since a long time. I hope I shall hear from them very soon. Hope you are in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*Today I have received one encouraging letter from Visnujan Maharaja. He has presented a nice bulletin. ACB\\
ACBS:ds
