~~Title: Letter to: Gerald — February 19, 1971~~
~~bc: Gerald — February 19, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Gerald ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gerald
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-02-19
showdate_hidden  : 2022-02-19
To_letters       : Gerald
Date_letter      : February 19
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : ISKCON Akash Ganga Bldg; 89 Bhulabhai Desai Road; Bombay-26 India
----

My dear Gerald,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your nice letter dated Lachine, 23rd December, 1970. I am travelling all over India just now on preaching tour and Samkirtan, so sometimes my mail is delayed.

I am very glad that you are inquisitive to know the science of Krsna consciousness and you are already practically experiencing the awakening of transcendentally blissful love of God Krsna by the simple chanting of His Holy Names. This awakening of pure love of God is the ultimate perfection of all bona fide religious principles including Christian, Judaic, Mohammedan, Hindu, etc. Just as it is recorded that Lord Jesus Christ said that the first commandment is that one should love God with all his heart, and soul and mind. Similarly Krsna instructs that everyone should surrender unto Him in Love. Lord Jesus says that the first thing is to develop your love for God. Krsna is God. Krsna says to love Him only. So what is the difference between the original teachings of Lord Jesus Christ and Krsna?

Yes, it is a fact that no one can see Krsna without being a pure devotee of the Lord. Every living entity is the son of god, but not all of the sons are faithful to their Father. This is explained in Bhagavad Gita. So one who turns away from his father naturally cannot see his father; but the faithful son can see his father at any time. Under the circumstances, we can understand the word of John because amongst all the people of that place Jesus Christ was the only faithful son of God, Krsna. Lord Jesus says (John 6:46), “Not that any man hath seen the father, save he which is of God, he hath seen the Father.” So one who is a devotee of the Lord in pure love, who teaches others how to love God is the messenger of God and he can see God without any doubt. Lord Krsna says in Bhagavad Gita (11:54), “My dear Arjuna, only by undivided devotional service can I be understood as I am, standing before you; and I can thus be seen directly. Only in this way can you enter into the mysteries of my understanding.” So the method of approaching God, bhaktiyoga or devotional service, and the supreme goal of life, pure love of Krsna, is the same message taught by Lord Jesus Christ as well as Krsna Himself. The matter is very simple: Lord Jesus is the faithful son of God and his Father God is Krsna, so there cannot be any disagreement between them. Therefore the Father and Son are one, in agreement.

Lord Jesus explains that he kept his disciples faithful to the Lord in His Holy Name. And the process of Lord Caitanya is the same---to keep one always in contact with the Supreme Personality of Godhead by constantly chanting the Hare Krishna Mahamantra, the Holy Names of the Lord. Please go on with your chanting regularly and attend the Temple classes as far as possible and be happy in Krsna Consciousness. This is the practical way to revive our dormant love of God. No other way is so effective in this age as the chanting of Hare Krsna Mahamantra. That is now proven by the spread of this Movement all over the world in such short time. Do not be disappointed if sometimes your mind gives some agitation. Such agitation is only temporary and will be driven away by chanting. So chant loudly whenever there is some disturbance and hear the transcendental sound attentively. Study our literatures with the help of other devotees and render some devotional service in the Temple or on Samkirtan Party. As your heart becomes more and more purified by the chanting process you will feel constant happiness in Krsna’s service and at that time Krsna takes all the sinful reactions from the devotee thus protecting him from all distresses of life.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Gerald Stabile\\
2995 rue Provost\\
Lachine, 600, P.Q.\\
Canada
