---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jananivasa — March 23, 1971",
    "h1":"Jananivasa — March 23, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jananivasa — March 23, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jananivasa ======

My dear Jananivasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 19th February, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. I am so glad to note how things are steadily improving there in Columbus center, with new devotees coming, and that you are about to acquire a new temple in the busiest quarter of town. That is very encouraging. Maitahili Devi is coming from L.A. to act as poojari. So make the Deities and temple gorgeously situated so that the people will sure to be attracted. Because you are sincerely working, Krishna is giving you facility for improvement. So develop the temple nicely.

I am glad to hear how you are lecturing in college classes also. That is very good program. Take as many such college classes as possible. You write to say that there is some difficulty in distriuting books because religious teachings are unlawful in public schools. How is that? In every university there is a department of religion. Unless they understand religion in elementary schools, what they will understand in college? Our philosophy and teachings should be studied in childhood, just after reaching five years of age.

So the public is somewhat conservative and still there is some police harrassment, but you are “going on with work undaunted.” That should be followed. Haridas Thakur was harassed even by corporal punishment. Jesus Christ was killed. Nityananda Prabhu was injured by Jagai and Madai. But still preaching never stopped. We are delivering the genuine goods to the human society on behalf of God, Krishna. If someone wants to check us, it is for the time being only and not permanent situation because no material circumstances can permanently hamper devotional service.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb

Sriman Jananivasa Das Brahmachary\\
318 E. Twentieth Avenue\\
Columbus, Ohio 43201
