~~Title: Letter to: Jagadisa — April 11, 1971~~
~~bc: Jagadisa — April 11, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Jagadisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jagadisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-04-11
showdate_hidden  : 2020-04-11
To_letters       : Jagadisa
Date_letter      : April 11
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Toronto

My dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters dated 12th February, 5th and 25th March, 1971, respectively and have noted the contents carefully. So far as the "rehabilitation center" is concerned, such work can be taken up, but to have any separate institution apart from the temple is not possible. I have written Rupanuga in this regard as follows:

"Youth work can be taken up, but our process must be followed strictly. Anyone may come but our process must remain the same. The men are expected to shave their heads and wear robes; they must attend classes, read our books, chant 16 rounds, attend arati, go for street Sankirtana, take prasadam only, etc. To have any institution apart from the temple, that we cannot do. Everything must be in the scope of our activities, then this 'youth problem' can be solved. Our process is proven as the only effective means. If the government or any other organization gives us a place, then we can train up such youth in our own way and surely they will come out sane. That place given will be a temple. So the process remains the same, except on a larger scale. Not that there is a separate division of ISKCON to handle youth problem, but that we have a bigger temple to accommodate them, is all. And then the people will see practically how we are doing the highest welfare work."

Your report of temple activities in your zone is very much encouraging. In all those centers you should especially emphasize the book distribution program in schools, colleges, libraries, etc. That is most important program, so tax your brain how to increase it more and more and Krishna will surely help you. You write to say that the life membership program is going slowly there but that you are making many common members. That is all right. If no other members are available, then increase the number of common members. Any kind of member, as many as possible.

You write to say how enthusiasm dropped because you were divorcing yourself from temple activities for GBC work. I never said like that. The presidents should not give up their posts, but GBC work must go on and temple activities be maintained simultaneously. So now you have experienced practically that your responsibility for temple upkeep must not be set aside for GBC business. The devotees enthusiasm must be maintained. As I reply everyone's letter and encourage them, so you should encourage the devotees more and more also. Maintain that spirit and give them direction so that this standard may not be deteriorated.

I am glad to hear that you are corresponding with Peetabarana Das Adhikari. I never met him but I understand that he is a good painter. So encourage him. My full blessings are there for the marriage of Yugalkishore and Kirtimati Devi (John Morgan and Carol Stibbard), as well as for Meenakatan and Devi Dasi from Miami. Yes, Mayavati Devi may receive Gayatri initiation. I am enclosing herewith Gayatri mantra sheet. You recite it and let her hear, and hold a fire ceremony as well.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
