---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 25, 1971",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — April 25, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 25, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-04-25
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-25
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : April 25
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters both dated 22nd April, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. Also I have received your telegram acknowledging receipt of the second check for Rs. 9700/-. So far as the power of attorney requested by you, that I have already sent and you should have received it by now.

I have already informed you that if Mohta's house is available completely vacated, then immediately we can purchase, paying cash down. If it is not available, completely vacated, then let us occupy the first and second floors as tenants. If that also is not possible, then you can enter into agreement with the son of Lila Mohan Sing Roy for leasing the flat for one year from the month of May. So far Mohta's house is concerned, we shall try to purchase it when it is completely vacated. In the mean time if they want to sell, we can make agreement and make a reasonable advance.

My passport is required immediately. If the new one is not ready then immediately send the old one. I am leaving for Kuala Lumpur this Friday, the 30th April, and so I must have it otherwise my journey will be cancelled. Syamasundara has already advised about this by telephone call. The visa problem is also most urgent. If we cannot stay in India, what is the use of purchasing a house and taking so much risk?

I have already sent Central Bank a letter to change my book fund to "ISKCON Book Fund" but they have not replied, so you can send the money to the original book fund account, no. 14538; Central Bank of India, Gowalia Tank Road Branch; Warden Court, 79-81; Gowalia Tank Road; Bombay-26. So far as the Gorakhpur situation, I am writing to Durdaivanasana (D.L. Chopra) about this.

Yes, Revatinandana and Madhudvisa Swami will go there just as soon as you send money for their passage, and they will take the marble Deities with them also. And I shall be going there also by the 13rd May via Kuala Lumpur and Sydney. For the throne design you will have to write Gurudasa in Delhi (c/o S.K. Joshi; 4-A Kamala Nagar) about it. There is no such photo here. You have got idea of the length and breadth of the throne already. It should be as you have done in Gorakhpur.

There is so little money in the building account. This means it has been spent for eating and sleeping. If there are no funds in the building account, how you can expect to purchase a building? I understand that there are so many members there. If there is no money in the building fund, where has the money gone? Whenever any money is there, transfer it to the building fund and henceforward all collections should be sent.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
