---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mukunda — April 13, 1971",
    "h1":"Mukunda — April 13, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Mukunda — April 13, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-04-13
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-13
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : April 13
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

London

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters, one undated and one dated 24th March, 1971, respectively, and have noted the contents. It is very much encouraging to hear that the incense business is beginning to flourish and by that program you are paying off your debts. So continue it vigorously and recooperate your financial position.

Why Murari has left? What is the reason? Is it a fact that he has taken some money? I have received one letter from Lilavati dated 22nd February, 1971 and she seems to be doing very nicely. Offer her my blessings. I have heard her singing on the new record album also. It is very nice. So let her go on tending the Deities and trying for improvements in temple conditions and Krishna will surely bless her.

Still I would like to go to London, but when that will be is very uncertain. Presently plans are being made for me to go to Australia, Malaysia, Russia as well, and perhaps Jerusalem. So it may be some time before I can come. In the meantime go on improving London center more and more. London is the most important city in the world and I want that our center there be a grand success. What news about Regents Park?

Since it is uncertain when I shall arrive, the devotees recommended by you for initiation in a previous letter may now be initiated. Presently I am securing wooden beads from here and as soon as I receive them, I shall send them to the respective devotees, duly chanted on. Anna Prabhu may be initiated also and she has my blessings for being married to Puranda at the earliest convenience.

Please offer my blessings to Jeffrey, Tribhuvanatha, Mary, Ally, Milan, Nicholas, Josh, Richard (Rancor), Jim (Pratejas) Geoff, Philip, Terry, Adeti Devi, Martha, Adeline and Mandakini Devi Prabhus. I have received their very kind letters of appreciation and I am very much grateful. Take care of them and see to it that they all become pure devotees. That is your duty. They should follow the regulative principles strictly, regularly chant 16 rounds daily without fail, read all our literatures and attend classes, etc. and be happy in Krishna Consciousness.

Hoping this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
