~~Title: Letter to: Bhagavan — April 11, 1971~~
~~bc: Bhagavan — April 11, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhagavan
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-04-11
showdate_hidden  : 2021-04-11
To_letters       : Bhagavan
Date_letter      : April 11
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Bhagavan das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated nil and 23d February, 1971, respectively and have noted the contents carefully. Regarding our newly acquired press, whether it is possible to dispatch it to India. We are trying to start a press here, and one man has donated a press in Vrindaban. Since we want a center there also, I am willing to accept his offer. Or, how you want to utilize this press? At the present a daily newspaper is not a very practical idea. Rather I want to see my books being printed. I am very much anxious to see all my books published in my lifetime. Bhagavad-gita As It Is is long overdue. First Canto Srimad-Bhagavatam in one volume is also long overdue. Please try to expedite these publications.

So Mr. Blake has donated a press, and now he has donated so much furniture. Everyone wants to give. That tendency is there in everyone. So we must take advantage. The natural propensity of a human being is that he wants to give, he wants to love, he wants to take, but these propensities are simply misdirected because of no Krishna Consciousness.

Your program of door to door Sankirtana is very encouraging. The more men understand the importance of our movement, the more they will invite us to their homes and clubs, because Krishna Consciousness is the life-giving ambrosia. So increase this program more and more and we shall be able to distribute all our books, which is even more important than membership. Of course, if we can do both at the same time, that is best. Life members can pay four installments. The period during installments may be increased even as much as six months; that doesn't matter. But there should be no more than four installments that would decrease amount of payment.

Yes, the gayatri mantra initiations may be performed by you. Hold a fire ceremony and give the sacred thread on my behalf. I am enclosing herewith one thread, duly chanted on by me, along with a copy of gayatri mantra for Sri Govinda Das and mantra for his wife Srilekha Devi also. To each you should recite the mantra individually and they will repeat and then the thread should be offered to Sri Govinda Das. The tape recording is not required.

I am glad to hear how you are getting such good television coverage. However we get the opportunity, we should publicize as much as possible. So far the slides mentioned by you have not arrived. In the future you can send them and all other mail to our new mailing address; P.O. Box no. 387; Fort, Bombay-1; INDIA.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

[PAGE MISSING]
