---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — April 17, 1971",
    "h1":"Ksirodakasayi — April 17, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — April 17, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Ksirodakasayi ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ksirodakasayi
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-04-17
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-17
To_letters       : Ksirodakasayi
Date_letter      : April 17
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Delhi

My dear Ksirodakasayi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 13.4.71, along with letters from Subala Maharaja and Suryakumarji, whom please thank. I have also seen the copy of letter to the Controller, Imports and Exports.

Regarding the Deities, I am enclosing a copy of the letter from Sri Hitsaran Sharma in this connection. Four pairs of Deities were said to be donated by the Birla Trust and another two pairs by the Dalmia-Jayan Trust. So far, four sets have been dispatched, but where are the other two pairs? You should arrange for them to be sent to New York from where they will be distributed to the appropriate centers. In New Vrndavana we will require seven pairs of Deities for the proposed seven temples.

I know that Sri N. C. Chatterjee and his son-in-law Mr. Mukerjee, who are both known to me, will be helpful to you. Sri Hans Raj Gupta is a very nice gentleman. He gave me sometimes some contribution for my printing work and because he belongs to the Arya Samaj, he will be pleased that we are bringing so many foreigners to Krsna culture. He is already known to you also. Please let me know whether the dharmasala has been given for our center in Delhi. Regarding Birla Temple Trust land, yes, take some plot immediately which is very nice and we shall immediately begin one Hare Krsna Sankirtana Festival as we held in Bombay. At least four acres are required; then we shall construct one very nice Temple and preaching work will start. Panditji is also known to me.

I have advised to send you 50 sets of books immediately, so all the proceedings from their distribution should be divided 50% to the Building Fund Account and 50% to the Book Fund Account and the respective banks are as follows:

Central Bank of India, Head Office, Bombay

"International Society for Krishna Consciousness Building Fund," Current Account No. ?????.

Central Bank of India, Gowalia Tank Road Branch, Bombay

"A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Book Fund"

"International Society for Krishna Consciousness Book Fund" H.S.S. Account No. ??????

I am very anxious that Hindi Back to Godhead publication may go on as soon as possible, so work combinedly with Dr. Rao and others in this connection. In the meantime, you can get registered in Delhi and I shall let you know about Vrndavana at a later date. For now, Delhi will do.

I hope this will find all of you in the best of health and I am awaiting your reports as to concrete results in establishing our mission there.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Regarding the Deities, I am enclosing herewith one letter addressed to Sri Hitsaran Sharma, dated 26.3.70. Our Society was donated five pairs of Murtis; four by the Birla Trust and two by Dalmia-Jayan Trust. Out of these, we have taken delivery of three pairs, but what has happened to the remaining two pairs, I do not know. So please remind them and let me know what is the actual position of these two pairs of Deities. As soon as it is ascertained where they are, they should be dispatched immediately, directly to New York. They must be dispatched. That is imperative.

Also enclosed herewith, please find one note from Sri Mahant Deenabhandhudas addressed to Sri Raghubir Prasad Garga, Brahmacari Mandir, Gopesvara Road, Vrndavana. Sriman Garga is therein requested to show to you the lands and buildings with press which have been offered to us by the Mahant. Please let me know how they are suitable as soon as possible. If they are nice, then we can immediately register in Mathura and begin our printing as well as establish our center in Vrndavana. In this connection, you may introduce yourself to one Babaji, Kripa Sindhu Babaji of Bhagavat Ashram, Raman Reti, who sometimes back was very much enthusiastic to help me if I started one press in Vrndavana. Now we are starting a press, so let him help. He also promised that many other Babajis would help me in this matter. So that arrangement should be made. While in Vrndavana, you may also see my rooms at Radha-Damodara Temple and they should be repaired and made very nice. They are my rooms and I want that they should be made ready.

Thanking you to do the needful, I am,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
