~~Title: Letter to: Govinda — May 28, 1971~~
~~bc: Govinda — May 28, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Govinda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Govinda
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-05-28
showdate_hidden  : 2022-05-28
To_letters       : Govinda
Date_letter      : May 28
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

Honolulu

My dear Govinda Dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 19th May, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. Also I have received the enclosed checks for $500; ($200, $200, and $100) and also a check for $15. I am so glad to receive your father's money because this process will help your father to be delivered from the clutches of maya. Your father is fortunate enough to have a worthy child like you who is trying to force him to become Krishna Conscious by different ways. So both of you are blessed. I wish that both you and your father be elevated to the highest standard of Krishna Consciousness.

I have received also one note enclosed from Gaurasundara in which it is stated that Sai's beads were sent to Bombay. I am going to Bombay on the morning of the 31st May, so as soon as I reach there I shall send Sai's beads duly chanted on. In the mean time I am dispatching beads and letters, enclosed herewith for the three devotees recommended by you for initiation.

So far you and your good husband's service is concerned, I am so much proud of you both. So far your health is concerned, your constitution is made like that but don't worry about it. Go on discharging your Krishna Conscious duties and Krishna will help you to live for a long time. Your service in the matter of implanting Tulasi seeds as introduced in the Western countries has proved it definitely that actually you are Govinda Dasi, maid-servant of Govinda. I always speak to many gentlemen how strenuously hard you work to have introduced Tulasi in the Western countries and I am hearing from everywhere that Tulasi is growing very luxuriantly. May Tulasi be kind upon you and introduce you to Krishna, to be one of the assistant maid-servant gopis in Vrindaban.

I am sorry that Sadhana Dacca has not replied your letter. The next alternative is to write to the proprietor, Sri Baidyanath Ayurved Bhawan; P.O. Jhansi; U.P.; INDIA. He is the right gentleman who can give you the right instruction and you can write him immediately.

I am so glad to note that Sri Gaura-Nitai Deities are already finished. The color is molten gold or bright yellow resembling golden color but don't apply gold paint. The eyes should be nicely painted. You have got the idea; you have seen many pictures and I am seeing from here that you are doing nicely.

From Bombay I may go to Russia (Moscow) and then to London and then N.Y. and then I will be coming to L.A. You will be glad to learn that we have purchased about five acres of land in Mayapur, the birthsite of Lord Caitanya and we have proposed to hold a nice festival there from Janmastami day for two weeks. At that time the foundation stone will be set down. I wish that all our leading disciples come to India at that time. There are 50 branches, so at least one from each branch should attend the function and Sai also may come at that time. From L.A. while coming to India I must come to Hawaii as I did last year and then after the foundation stone function I will come again back to U.S.A. The contemplation of sitting at Hawaii for my translating work is still alive. Now it depends on Krishna what I have to do in the future.

Perhaps you know that we held a very big "Hare Krishna Festival" in Bombay and a similar one in Calcutta also. Daily both in Bombay and Calcutta there was attendance of 30,000 to 40,000 people daily. Everyone appreciated this festival and are still hankering after it. I think that similar festivals may be held in Hawaii. So consult with Gaurasundara and Sai because this attempt has become very successful.

The jewelry offered to Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu and Lord Nityananda should be very carefully set and kept in a secure place. There is no question of animal bone. As I have already told you, Ivory Jewels, conchshell and cow dung are all pure. Everything is pure when employed in the service of the Lord. Just like the mrdanga kohl is made of skin and still it is held as pure. If you want more karatalas and mrdangas, you can contact Jayapataka Swami here in Calcutta (3, Albert Road; Calcutta-17, INDIA). So coral and mother of pearl are all right. Many Deities are made of coral.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
