~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 25, 1971~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — June 25, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-06-25
showdate_hidden  : 2023-06-25
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : June 25
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Moscow
----

Calcutta

My dear Tamala Krsna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 16th June, 1971 and have noted the contents. We have come to Moscow on the 20th instant evening and I'm staying at the above hotel. The place is centrally situated amongst important buildings of Moscow. Yesterday afternoon we had a tour for three hours to see respective important places. The city is well-planned. There are big big houses and roads and at day time the streets are busy with buses, cars, and underground trains which are far better than American or English. The underground streets are very neat and clean. The surface streets are also daily washed. But there is some difficulty in collecting vegetarian foodstuffs; still we are cooking our meals by the cooker, which has saved our lives. We talked with one big professor Mr. Kotovsky and Syamasundara talked with many great writers and musicians. Two boys are working with us; one Indian and one Russian. So there is good prospect for opening a center, although the atmosphere is not very good. The Embassy was no help. So our visit to Moscow was not so successful, but for the future, it is hopeful. Tomorrow I go to Paris for one day, then to S.F. Rathayatra and then I shall come back to London. So you can reply me this letter in London address.

Re: Mayapur, the laying down of the corner stone must be done by the end of August. I've already informed GBC members that they should meet there on Vyasa Puja Day. That function must be there. You hold that function, and in the meantime I am going to America and Europe to find men to send there. So far as the fencing, I am sorry that it is not done yet. At first the estimate was Rs 5000, but now it is Rs 14,000/- so what is the use of such estimate? Please contact Sarkar. Don't spend too much on fencing because if we want to expand, we have to tear it down. Put up bamboo with hedge creeper to make the walls. The creeper will grow luxuriously in the rainy season. The temporary hut should be immediately finished. Three rooms is all right. If possible make another because when the boys come from USA, they'll have to be accommodated.

If Indira Gandhi is not coming, you can arrange with the Governor Mr. Dhawan, the High Commissioner for London. He is known to us and can help by coming there. It will make a nice reception if Indira Gandhi is not coming. Otherwise, if she comes, all officials will come. So plan for the program.

After this we have to plan for Maidan Festivals in nice places. We know three nice places: 1) at Induria (Mahatma Gandhi Road); 2) Bhagbazar; 3) Chorebagan (Mullick's House). These three places I can arrange by writing letters. Similarly, at other places we can hold such meetings. The old man who comes to our Calcutta temple, Nagan, came to see me in Bombay. He said we have saved Calcutta and the Naxalites are in favor of our Calcutta will change.

Re: Mayapur construction, the best thing is to get the help of a nice architect---either the man who drew the plans or Mr. Muckerjee who came to see us. His office is at 8/2 Hastings St., top floor. So let us supervise amongst ourselves. Purchase the goods and engage laborers to work nicely and Mr. Sarkar will help. First the cornerstone should be laid down and on an auspicious day, construction should begin. You can arrange for collecting funds and materials for construction very easily in Calcutta, so do like that.

Hoping this will meet you in good health,

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
