~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 28, 1971~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — June 28, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-06-28
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-28
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : June 28
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

Calcutta

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I hope things are going well there and Mayapur development is going on and that the fencing is being done also, as I instructed you in my last letter. So far my travels, from Bombay you may have heard, I went to Moscow. We stayed there for five days. There are many younger Muscovites who are very anxious for joining our movement. Unfortunately the government is so strict that it is difficult to take their cooperation for starting a center there. Everything is strictly under government control. Still we are trying to open a center with the help of local men. The city is very big and there are many nice buildings, roads, etc., but life is not very happy. One cannot live according to his own choice. Fruits and vegetables are very scantily supplied, but milk, butter and yogurt are readily available.

From Moscow I went to Paris. Paris is a very nice city, better than London. All historic buildings are very gorgeous and panoramic. So we have got a very nice center there. The address is: 26 Rue Etienne d'Orves; Fontenay aux Roses; Paris 92. I stayed only one day on my way to L.A. but still they arranged some nice meetings and a press conference and the people were favorably impressed. They admitted in different papers that our movement is genuine, along with other information.

From Paris I went to L.A. directly, about 6000 miles at one stretch and I was on the plane for twelve hours, thereby getting a one day concession. From L.A. I went to Rathayatra festival in San Francisco yesterday and the festival was very gorgeously performed. There were three Rathas and Lord Jagannatha's Ratha was bigger than the other two. People received us so nicely and one mayor was the chief guest in the meeting in which more than 10,000 gathered and the mayor spoke very highly of our movement. She is very much impressed with the basic principle of our back to Godhead movement. In this way we are getting support gradually in the U.S.A. Maybe our movement will be supported in the future by United Nations. So we Krishna Consciousness people have accepted a very important and responsible task in the whole world. Therefore our principle work must also be very serious and responsible.

The ceremony for laying down the corner stone on Vyasa puja day or some days after must be performed. If Indira Gandhi can not attend, then the governor of Bengal, Mr. Bhawan, should attend the function. I think Syamasundara has written Gurudasa in this connection and so you should take serious concern of this fact.

Regarding the fencing, I have instructed Acyutananda not to spend too much for boundary fencing, but it must be done immediately so that during the ceremony we may fix up many different tents to accommodate guests who come during the ceremony. In yesterday's meeting of the temple presidents in Berkeley, I have asked them to send at least one man from each center and they are accepting. So very soon 60 men will come to India with some good leaders. We have to do some tangible work in India and so do everything cautiously and carefully.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
