---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Batu Gopala (Ed Englehart) — July 8, 1971",
    "h1":"Batu Gopala (Ed Englehart) — July 8, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Batu Gopala (Ed Englehart) — July 8, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Batu Gopala (Ed Englehart) ======

Detroit

My dear Batua Gopala, (Ed Englehart),

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 5th July, 1971 and have gladly accepted you as my duly initiated disciple. Please find your beads enclosed herewith and chanted on by me. I have given you the spiritual name Batua Gopala Das Brahmacari. Batua Gopala was a great devotee of Lord Caitanya.

I am so glad to see that Krishna is giving you good intelligence in the matter of executing your duties, previously in Chicago as sankirtana leader, temple commander and treasurer, and now in Detroit as temple commander. Krishna says like that; that simply if you are endeavoring to serve Him sincerely, then He will give you all facility and intelligence for engaging in His service more and more. So continue with enthusiasm and Krishna will surely bless you and give you all facility for pushing on this movement.

I am so glad to note that you are planning a Hare Krishna festival in Detroit, on the order of the ones we held in India (Bombay and Calcutta). We had a very large tent, displayed our literatures, had kirtanas and arati ceremony for Radha and Krishna, spoke some on Bhagavad-gita and Srimad-Bhagavatam, and distributed prasadam sumptuously, and not less than 20,000 and as many as 40,000 came daily to participate; it was so successful. And our magic was simply this chanting and dancing; that's all. So you can do likewise in Detroit as far as possible and it will be a great event. Perhaps soon we can such big festivals in all the big cities in your country also.

So far your marriage is concerned, I have no objection, but you must agree that you will never separate but work cooperatively throughout your lives in Krishna Consciousness. This marriage ceremony is serious business and not to be taken lightly. You must remain strong in Krishna's service, then household life is very nice; otherwise to be cast adrift by maya's influence is a piteous thing. So stay strong in Krishna's service by chanting your 16 rounds of beads without fail, reading our literatures, going for street sankirtana, etc. In this way be engaged fully in Krishna's service and you will be happy in life and in the end go back home, back to Godhead.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
