~~Title: Letter to: Umapati — July 9, 1971~~
~~bc: Umapati — July 9, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Umapati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Umapati
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-07-09
showdate_hidden  : 2023-07-09
To_letters       : Umapati
Date_letter      : July 9
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

San Francisco

My dear Umapati,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 5th July, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. You write to say that you do not understand this movement, but if you do not understand this movement after so many years then when you will understand? You have been in this movement since the very beginning and you say that you don't understand. How is that? And you have so many questions. That is all right, but you will go on questioning throughout your whole life and never understand. So what is the use of asking questions?

You have complained about those devotees who have mistreated their wives and children, but that is not the example. Those who have deserted this movement are not the example. So why are you citing them as example? There are so many devotees like Dayananda, Syamasundara, Hayagriva and others who are living with their wife and children very peacefully. There are so many. So why take bad examples; there are so many good examples to be taken. I have gotten married so many of my disciples. Gurudasa, Tamala, there are so many living peacefully. If someone has deserted, then he is wrong and not the example.

So you are a grhastha. You should set an example. I do not know why you left Europe without consulting me. Who made you obliged to leave Europe? You were engaged in translating work and all of a sudden you left and now you are complaining about others. I was so much surprised when you left Europe. Anyone who is somehow or other engaged in the society's work, their position is higher.

GBC members are simply to see that things are going on. Other centers have got president, secretary, etc. and they are managing separately. That is the formula. So how is it that the GBC are the final authority? They are simply to examine that things are going on nicely, that is all.

And if you are unable to give 50% of your income, then who is pressing you? It is voluntary. If you have not got any means, then who is exacting you? So these things are specifically happening to you, not to others. There are so many grhasthas and they are not feeling any inconvenience. They have dedicated their lives to the service of the Lord. And most GBC members are householders. You also may be elected. The position is open to all grhasthas. But if you live separately with your wife and earn only for yourself and your wife, then how you expect to have a good position with the society? Everybody is earning for their wife and family, so if you are doing so also, then what is the difference between such endeavor and that of the karmi?

There are many grhasthas who are earning and spending for a particular center. Similarly you also can open a center, live separately as president and maintain the temple nicely. But if you don't do anything and simply remain grhastha, then what is the use of criticizing others? The whole movement is meant for rendering service.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
