---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Danavir — August 24, 1971",
    "h1":"Danavir — August 24, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Danavir — August 24, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Danavir ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Danavir
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-24
To_letters       : Danavir
Date_letter      : August 24
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

My dear Danavir,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 17th August, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. I was very much shocked on hearing of the accidental death of Professor Dosa. I am sending herewith one letter for his wife which please hand over to her and give her all solace. Everything is under Krishna's control. Krishna is the supreme controller. Maya is only an instrumental agent. The example is given generally that in the rainy season the rain falls down equally everywhere but on the ground different seasonal plants and vegetables grow. Similarly when the material world is created it is set in motion by the Supreme Lord through the instrumental agency of maya. But according to different fruitive actions of different living entities different phases of happiness and distress appear exactly as after the rainfall there are varieties of vegetables. So everything takes place according to one's past individual karma but those who are in Krishna Consciousness their resultant action of karma becomes summarized. Professor Dosa took initiation, or shelter of Krishna. He will always be protected. In the next life he will get birth in a very good devotee's house so that from the very beginning of life he will get chance to devote himself to Krishna Consciousness. This is the observation from the sastra angle of vision. So no one should be agitated for sudden death of Professor Dosa. He is always blessed. Now he will get a very good chance for advancing in Krishna Consciousness. Be sure.

I am very much pleased to learn that you have got a nice house for organizing our center there. Please do it nicely and be in contact with Karandhara. He is guiding you all. Of course to organize a temple in our society is not so difficult. Simply be serious in following the rules and regulations and chant 16 rounds. These things will constantly give you strength and spirit and I am sure that wherever you go in your preaching program there you will be successful.

Your incense distribution scheme sounds all right. That will leave you more time for our main business---to distribute BTG. We are debtor to Dai Nippon by a large amount. Recently on the request of Karandhara I sent them $20,000. Still we owe $27,000. So try to collect money for BTG as far as possible to keep our credit with Dai Nippon. They are our good friends so if we keep our relationship healthy that will be good for our society's propaganda work. I am so glad to note also that you have sent $200 to the Mayapur temple fund. So continue to do it. Where is the money being sent?

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
