---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 20, 1971",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — August 20, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 20, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-20
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-20
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : August 20
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated Janmastami day and have noted the contents carefully. Renovation means for old buildings donated to the society. Such buildings can be renovated from the building fund but not to maintain already purchased or rented buildings. That is to be done as individual expenditure of the temple concerned.

Delhi is the most important city in India because the capital is established there. Mostly the population is educated. Many foreigners are there also and embassies of different countries. So from the cultural point of view Delhi is the most important city. Many cultural centers are there also, many libraries, many schools, colleges, varieties of merchantile offices and different presses. So if you can influence them it will be a great propoganda center. I think in Delhi also you should hold one festival pandal meeting like in Calcutta and Bombay. There is a big ground open near Connaught place.

Yes, you can get all your paper from Bengal Paper Mills. That is a good opportunity. So take all paper from there for our Hindi publications. Ksirodakasayi will go there by the middle of September. So Rahul, Ramananda, and Ksirodakasayi may completely see to the publication and translation of Hindi work. If you will send the quotation for BTG I will send you a check. Ksirodakasayi has already arranged with a press in Agra and it is said that is the best place for printing BTG. All books and material already there may be published.

It will be difficult to open three pandals simultaneously because there are no sufficient men. Otherwise there is no difficulty. But if you can manage that will be a great credit but a great strain also. I think you can hold one meeting in Delhi. Everything depends on expert management and men and strength.

In his last letter Giriraja has informed me that he was sick but since then I have not heard from him. How is he? I am anxious to know. His health should be taken good care of. He is an important worker and a good soul.

So far the quality of paper, that depends on the Indian market. But so far our society is concerned, we are maintaining first class literature produced but if there is difficulty what can I say? But you can make a cheaper edition for the general people. That is all right.

I have seen your financial statement for July but the same thing is going on. The collection was Rs 21,000/ but the deposit Rs 15,000/. Therefore Rs 6,000/ was eaten up or otherwise. So how things can be managed? This is going on since the beginning. Some practical proposal must be there. If 25% of the collection is spent up in this way then I do not know how to manage things. Please give me your practical solution how things can be changed.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
