~~Title: Letter to: Atreya Rsi — August 20, 1971~~
~~bc: Atreya Rsi — August 20, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Atreya Rsi ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Atreya Rsi
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-20
showdate_hidden  : 2021-08-20
To_letters       : Atreya Rsi
Date_letter      : August 20
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

New York

My dear Atreya Rsi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 17th August, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. Krishna Consciousness factually makes progress on the willingness of the individual living entity. It is said by Rupa Goswami that one who is with strong inclination to serve the Lord by his life, work, mind and words, such a person immediately becomes liberated never mind in whatever position he is situated in this lifetime. In Srimad-Bhagavatam also the same thing is confirmed that liberation means to be situated in one's own constitutional position. Our constitutional position is to render service to somebody else. Everyone in this material world is rendering service to somebody else. Sometimes merchantile firms advertise "service is our business." So that is the constitutional position of every living entity but in the material condition of life they have forgotten where to render service or they do not know where this service attitude can be fulfilled properly. As such in Krishna Consciousness a person becomes perfect because he renders service to the right person, Krishna and thus he is satisfied fully.

So your desire to serve Krishna is very much appreciated. This very desire will enlighten you more and more about Krishna and the more you advance the more you will like to serve and because you are a very sincere soul Krishna is giving you good opportunity to render service to Him in the Mayapur scheme. So you can open a separate account "ISKCON Mayapur Scheme" in consultation with Rupanuga Prabhu and do the needful.

The business community you can impress upon them that throughout the whole world there is no institution to impart education in the matter of spiritual understanding. So we are going to open a big center in Mayapur where this education will be internationally imparted. Students from all parts of the world will go there to take education in this important subject. Modern civilization is running on the bodily concept of life. Such a civilization is nothing but polished animalistic civilization. They can never bring the right knowledge to the human society. So our Krishna Consciousness Movement is especially meant for enlivening men in this novel educational system. We have published about 10 big big books of 400 to 1000 pages each. Further books are being published. You can show them the books so that they can understand the importance of this movement and if sufficient cooperation is available we can increase our branch opening activity and surely we can contribute the best knowledge to the human society. So with our books, workers, and sincere activities we must come out successful in this attempt.

Very soon I shall send you all detailed blueprints of our Mayapur layout (building plans, etc.) for your propaganda work.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
