---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — August 24, 1971",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — August 24, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — August 24, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gargamuni
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-24
To_letters       : Gargamuni
Date_letter      : August 24
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

Kathmandu

My dear Gargamuni Swami,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 17th August, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. I can understand that you are in the midst of unfavorable circumstances as much as you were when you were in Pakistan. So Krishna is desiring that you deliver these persons who are in very awkward circumstances within this material world. Lord Caitanya is known as Patita Pavana or one who delivers the fallen. He purposely delivered the two fallen souls Jagai and Madhai. So as you have gone to Kathmandu, you try to stay there somehow or other and simply by your personal example of chanting Hare Krishna Mantra 24 hours, you sit down at any place and perform kirtana. Chant with mrdanga and karatalas or just on your beads; whatever is possible. If one or two men come to you that is sufficient for the present. In this way when you have gathered at least one or two local sympathizers then you can try and chant on the street. Maybe they are too much fools to understand the philosophy but if you chant Hare Krishna Mantra they will like it. So there is no need of making very gorgeous propaganda for the moment. Do everything humbly and in small scale and when Krishna desires it will increase. Don't be agitated in unfavorable circumstances. Chant gravely and peacefully.

I hope this instruction will be useful for your purposes and don't be very much agitated. Krishna will help you. After all they are all human beings and as foretold by Lord Caitanya the Hare Krishna Mantra will be vibrated in every corner. So try to introduce it in this country where things are not very favorable. As we got several letters from Nepal in favor of our movement, certainly there are men there who will like this movement. Gradually you will find them out. So don't be impatient. Go on chanting Hare Krishna mantra peacefully.

Brahmananda is doing very nicely there in Kenya. There is good field for preaching work there.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
