~~Title: Letter to: Giriraja — August 12, 1971~~
~~bc: Giriraja — August 12, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Giriraja ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Giriraja
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-12
showdate_hidden  : 2022-08-12
To_letters       : Giriraja
Date_letter      : August 12
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

Calcutta

My dear Giriraja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 5th August, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far the Mayapur program is concerned, if Indira Gandhi is not available, then forget this program. I have tried from here to induce the high commissioner for India to write Indira Gandhi, so we should do our best. If it is not possible, then there should be no ceremony. She has not flatly denied us. She said if she is on the Bengal side she would come. So find out the date when she will be on that side. So far as getting signatures of some big men in Bengal, Tarun Kanti Ghosh is a big congress leader so why he can't help in this connection? He must know Indira Gandhi very well personally.

Gurudasa and Yamuna shouldn't go to Africa. I have already advised them. Rather Gurudasa and Tamala Krishna should go to Delhi and organize that center. There is much business there so I have advised them to go. The small Deity which Yamuna is receiving may be taken to Delhi in order to make the dharmasala a permanent center. Wherever we go, our Deities must be installed. So they may not go to Africa and waste time. Brahmananda has already gone there. We have got enough business in India. So it is better that Tamala and Gurudasa exert their energy for recruiting members in Delhi. That is still an open field. In Calcutta you are working very nicely so stick to Calcutta and do your best.

I don't think that the coupon program will be very successful. It is a long term business. You will need 1100 men to collect 1100 rupees but if you convince one life member then that 1100 Rs. is there. So this coupon system is not congenial. They can be given to some reliable men to collect, though. For example one person takes 10 coupons and distributes them, returns with the money and takes another 10. In this way he is engaged and can distribute to his friends. But our men cannot do this work. That is not possible.

It is nice if you can hold kirtana in factories and some foremen in the factory may deliver coupons also and we will collect the money. It is best to have such meetings on the salary payment day. Then it will be very easy for anyone to contribute Rs. 1/-.

You should encourage Tarun Kanti Ghosh as much as possible. Give him daily a little prasadam and give him opportunity to hear Hare Krishna Mantra. That will induce him more and more to this movement. He has got an inclination to spread this movement but has not associated with good devotees. So if you give him a chance to associate with you then he may turn out to be a great help to our movement. Similarly Mr. Bajoria.

The Deity should be gorgeously decorated with flowers, ornaments, and new dresses. I think in this connection Yamuna is very expert. For dressing at least Yamuna should be in charge and for offering of bhoga Dayananda may go on with his duties. At least two devotees should take care of the Deities constantly.

If you are feeling tired, you may take rest. Your body is very valuable. It is dedicated to Krishna, so you must take care of the body very carefully. The best medicine is to rest and chant Hare Krishna Mantra, along with the doctor's prescription. Hare Krishna Mantra is __bhavausadhi,__ the panacea for all material disease.

Keep on with the practice of writing articles; in the midst of your heavy duties go on writing something glorifying the Lord and put our philosophy into words. Writing articles means to express oneself how he is understanding the whole philosophy. So this writing is necessary for everyone.

We are making a very nice design for the Mayapur temple here and some expert men who know building well will go there to supervise. Henceforward all who go to India will have missionary visas. The high commissioner will help us in this connection. As soon as the plan is made, somebody will take it to India. At least four or five men will go there this month.

Too many cooks spoil the broth. I have therefore asked Tamala and Gurudasa to go to Delhi for organizing a center there. Jayapataka can take care of the accounts and you and Revatinandana Maharaja along with other assistants be engaged in collecting funds. That will be nice. Tamala wants our accounts audited but I have asked for the trial balance and balance sheet, but Tamala is silent on this point. How things will be audited unless accounts are kept systematically according to the scientific accounting system? Scientific keeping of accounts is tested by the trial balance and balance sheet.

GBC does not mean to control a center. GBC means to see that the activities of a center go on nicely. I do not know why Tamala is exercising his absolute authority. That is not the business of GBC. The president, treasurer and secretary are responsible for managing the center. GBC is to see that things are going nicely but not to exert absolute authority. That is not in the power of GBC. Tamala should not do like that. The GBC men cannot impose anything on the men of a center without consulting all of the GBC members first. A GBC member cannot go beyond the jurisdiction of his power. We are in the experimental stage but in the next meeting of the GBC members they should form a constitution how the GBC members manage the whole affair. But it is a fact that the local president is not under the control of the GBC. Yes, for improvement of situations such as this I must be informed of everything.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
