~~Title: Letter to: Madhudvisa — August 14, 1971~~
~~bc: Madhudvisa — August 14, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Madhudvisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhudvisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-08-14
showdate_hidden  : 2021-08-14
To_letters       : Madhudvisa
Date_letter      : August 14
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : London
----

My dear Madhudvisa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 9th August, 1971 and have noted the contents. the article enclosed by you is very very nice and I have read it thoroughly. They are very much appreciative and it will help your Bombay branch very much because this paper has very good circulation.

So far Mrs. Amersey is concerned, let her come down to 15 lacs and then we shall talk over the matter. Mr. Vakil, if he doesn't take the responsibility of vacating the tenants, we are not at all interested. So then you can close transactions. Regarding the corner palace, we cannot afford to pay 25 lacs. That is not possible. So far the apartment on Nepean Sea Rd. if the hall is twice as big as our present temple then we will prefer it. But what is the rent? That you have not said. Bhattiwala (?) creates troubles sometimes, so if there is a written agreement that we can hold kirtana, we can go there. So far Akash Ganga, we shall pay rent month to month because we don't know when Bhattiwala will give another turmoil. But unless we get a better place, we are not leaving there. That is a fact!

I am very encouraged to hear that people are coming. So please manage temple affairs nicely. Nanda Kumar is expert pujari and his wife is already going there. The Deity worship must be done very very carefully. I have already seen how Nanda Kumar is doing and it is all right. Everything must be kept very clean.

Yes, I shall like if you hold the benefit in my presence and I shall be very glad to see the college students taking part in that way. But they cannot present some demon rascal interpretation. Only selected candidates should be allowed to speak. That you will have to see too. This whole program is very novel and encouraging provided it is properly organized. some way or other if the college students are induced to take to this Krishna Consciousness Movement that will be our great credit. But I am afraid that when they will be asked to give up the four sinful activities, immediately there will be some fall down. The money raised from this program will greatly help us to purchase Bombay property and also to develop the Mayapur scheme.

Yes, we can hold in Madras a ceremony similar to the one we held in Bombay and Calcutta. In all probability I shall be in India by the end of September. Maybe earlier also because London climate is very much unsuitable for me. It is always damp, dark, and cold. So very soon either I will have to go back to N.Y. or towards India. Syamasundara is contemplating that we go to Switzerland. What is the climatic condition in Bombay now?

Please offer my blessings to the others there.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
