---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 26, 1971",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — September 26, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 26, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

Delhi

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 17th September, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far the program you have fixed up, I have no objection. Here in Nairobi we have got many engagements as well as in Mombassa. So I think by the 15th October or still earlier it will be possible for me to return to India. So you can fix up the program as mentioned by you.

Yes, if we can establish such a Krishna Conscious school, certainly it will be very much attractive. That was my first suggestion in Bombay. The first thing is that we will have to select teachers. Whether our men who are already there will be able to teach. Of course teaching will be elementary. Satyabhama in New Vrindaban has written a book for children. So you can immediately ask her. I think many of our girls can take up this business. Lilavati, Satyabhama and I don't know who else; there are many who may take up this work. Some of them may go to India. But factually, so far I have studied the situation, American boys and girls are a little restless. So it is subject matter to be decided by the GBC and I think you should consult with all other GBC members how to do it. There are many things to be done in our missionary activities but the GBC is not yet very strong to take up all the things and do them nicely. There is a big project in Mayapur also. So consult seriously the GBC whether all these things can be taken in hand simultaneously. It requires a very cool brain and expert management.

Both in Calcutta and in Bombay there is discrepancy in accounts. You wanted to check them by auditors but so far I know the auditors will not pass any account not supported by regular vouchers. For all expenditures there must be regular vouchers. Here last night I was talking with one Mr. Patel at whose house we are staying now. He said that even for travelling expenses, the auditor requires vouchers in which the taxi cab number is also required to be mentioned. The auditor does not accept any expenditure without proper voucher. If the expenditure is not supported by proper voucher, the amount is debited to the personal account.

Regarding model making, I don't think Nara Narayana is capable to do that. The only boy capable I know is Ranchor Das Adhikari in London who did the architectural drawings for the Mayapur scheme. So you can immediately open correspondence with him and see if it is possible.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
