---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — September 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-09-16
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-16
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : September 16
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Mombassa, Kenya
----

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 7th September, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far taking collections of Rs. 25,000/ each from 100 men if you can make this program successful, then you will fulfill the desire of Krishna very brilliantly. We must have a nice center at Mayapur because we are expecting there students from all over the world. Plans of the temple have already been made and you should have received them by now. The buildings should be exactly in the same pattern. The size may be changed according to the engineering technology. I have shown in London the Westminster Abbey to Syamasundara, Bhavananda and Nara Narayana. Perhaps you have also seen it. I want the inside just like the Westminster Abbey. You will understand from the plans what is my desire in this connection.

Our policy should be for maintenance to take from many persons. Big donations should go to the building and book funds. Our policy is "madhukari" or the profession of the bumblebee. The bumblebee does not eat all the honey in one flower. It goes from flower to flower and takes little. The purpose is that saintly persons, Vaisnavas, if they take something from many men, everyone is benefited. We should not follow the policy that one man gives us everything and we become idle. This is a material policy. Whatever Mr. Jayan is contributing should go directly to the building fund and for maintenance we should collect from many persons as monthly subscription and big donations should go to the book and building funds. And so far your idea for giving the bank instructions to deposit 50% in each account, the bank will not take so much trouble. Better you do it. Already there is book and building fund accounts. As soon as the money is there, you should deposit 50% in each.

So far your travelling expenses, if you spent Rs 13,000/ in four months that means over 3000 Rs in a month or more than Rs 100/ in a day; that is certainly extravagancy. That means if you have collected one member in a day then 10% is immediately spent for taxi fare. That is not a very good proposal. When the accounts will be audited, the auditors will want debit vouchers for each payment. Whether all expenditures have been made under such vouchers. Otherwise the auditor will not pass the account.

So far the debt of Rs 23,000 if you adjust it in that way then the same problem remains. The fact is that we require at least 25 lakhs for Mayapur. Before beginning our construction work there we must be confident that the amount will be easily collected. Better to realize the Rs 23,000/ by another source. The fact is not that how it should be realized but some plan how this extravagancy may be stopped. That is the real problem. Hence forward all expenditure, proper debit voucher must be maintained. If we do not place audited accounts to the Registrar of Societies they may cancel us. That is the law.

[PAGE MISSING]
