---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 5, 1971",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — October 5, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 5, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 26th September, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far purchasing adjacent land is concerned, that is also my opinion that if they are available at reasonable price we should purchase. So with the consultation of the lawyer and Mr. Sarkar do the needful. We have got a very heavy task before us. Together we have to push on this Krishna Consciousness movement for a revolutionary change all over the world. It is not our manufactured movement but it was ordered by Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu and we are simply carriers of his shoes. So let us do this duty carefully so that our life may be successful, although our attempts are not as great as they should have been.

I am glad to learn that the jute crop is saved and I do not know why there was damage on the roof of the cottage. Also formerly I was informed that the Calcutta function would take place on the 21st October but now I learned from your letter that it will take place on the 28th instant. So I am making my program of returning to India on the understanding that Calcutta program begins on the 28th. From here of course I will go to Bombay as soon as our business here is settled up. Here in Nairobi our program is going on very nicely. There are TV engagements and a very large meeting is scheduled at the University of Nairobi for tomorrow. Many respectful Hindus are inviting us and I am staying in everyone's house for four to five days. Most probably our center here in Nairobi will be a strong one, as strong as any of our other centers. Two black devotees have come here today from N.Y. and Dinanatha should come here from there as soon as possible. The Africans locally are becoming very much interested and there is great field here in Africa for spreading Lord Caitanya's movement. Also the life membership program is going on very happily. Already we have collected more than 30,000 Kenya shillings.

To follow this policy that the membership fees are not touched is very good. Other collections may be spent by you but don't spend extravagantly because we have got very heavy responsibility. Everything should be done very cautiously. And because we are a registered society, accounts must be submitted with proper regulative principles. Otherwise it may not be accepted. So far the books sent to Nepal, they should return the money for being deposited in the book and building fund or if they open an account there separately, then they should pay for the books, actual price, so that the accounts may be kept clearly.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I hope Nara Narayana has already reached Calcutta for preparing various models. ACB\\
ACBS/adb
