---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brhaspati — November 17, 1971",
    "h1":"Brhaspati — November 17, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Brhaspati — November 17, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brhaspati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Brhaspati
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-11-17
showdate_hidden  : 2023-11-17
To_letters       : Brhaspati
Date_letter      : November 17
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Delhi
----

My dear Brhaspati das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of November 3, 1971, and I am very much pleased that in the short time you have been president of ISKCON St. Louis so much work beneficial for spreading Krishna Consciousness has been done by you. Especially I am encouraged by your programs in the schools and colleges. Try to interest these students in our books. If you simply stick to the textbook teaching becomes very easy. Philosophy is the highest, but even higher than philosophy is practice of philosophy. So when your students apply Krishna philosophy to their lives, they will feel the beneficial result, and this will make your teaching work very easy. Just like you add hydrogen and oxygen and get water. So let them chant and learn Bhagavad-gita and they will get Krishna's mercy. I am successful in my teaching work because I have not deviated one inch from my Spiritual Master's instruction, this is my only qualification. So if you simply remain pure, your preaching will have effect. Kindly push on this college program---only the most intelligent persons can understand Krishna philosophy, so it is very important that we spread this message to the intelligent class of men. Soon I shall be printing my latest book, commentaries on your Western philosophers, and with this instruction you will be able to defeat all of the mental speculators and so-called scientists who are simply misleading everyone.

Your program should help your distribution and popularizing of our books and magazines. This is our primary activity, to sell as many books as possible.

So far establishing Krishna Conscious schools for higher education in St. Louis, this is a very nice proposal. Let us see what develops in future. The details can be discussed between you and the GBC, whom I have appointed to manage such things.

Hoping this meets you in good health and cheerful mood.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda/ddb
