---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhagavan — December 10, 1971",
    "h1":"Bhagavan — December 10, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhagavan — December 10, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

My dear Bhagavan das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated November 22, 1971, along with beads and letters from several devotees at Detroit temple. I am very glad to accept these students as my duly initiated disciples and their names shall be as follows;

Brian Tibbits / Indradyumna Das

Ilene Tibbits / Krpamayi Dasi

Heidi Paeva / Hrisakti Dasi

These are all very nice boys and girls, and I have very much appreciated their attitudes of devotion and surrender as displayed in their letters to me. I have replied them under separate cover. Their beads, duly chanted by me, as well as three copies of Gayatri mantra and three sacred threads, also duly chanted on, are sent under separate post. Hold a fire yajna and give Gayatri mantra to Kaliya Krishna das, Batua Gopala das, and Ichhamati dasi. I think you have got a tape of me reciting Gayatri mantra, so use this tape. One thing is that the tape should be heard through earphones into the right ear. So the fire yajna can be held for all six devotees. Also, I have sent beads of Sukasagari dasi, duly chanted. In cases when beads are lost, it is not necessary to give new ones to the spiritual master for again chanting. Once the disciple received the Hare Krishna Mantra from the spiritual master, that is an eternal blessing, whether these beads or those beads. If you recommend, then I also approve of the marriage between Kaliya Krishna das and %%___%% You may please thank them for the sum of $371.00 which they have offered me as daksina, and which has been duly deposited in my Book Fund account in Los Angeles.

If you can get some cars or vans from Chrysler Co. we shall be very glad to employ them fully in Krishna's service in India. But there is great propaganda now against America in India, due to your country's stand against India and the war with Pakistan so you may explain them that by presenting these cars for our welfare work that they will be improving America's reputation among the Indians, because we can publicly give them credit for helping us in this way.

I very much approve of your enclosed brochure, and I am pleased by your festival plan for the colleges all over the state. Actually, this roving Sankirtana and college program is the most appropriate plan for spreading Krishna Consciousness and preaching. I have just received intimation from Rupanuga of a very large festival he is planning for Central Park. His conjecture is very nice, and I want that many such festivals should be held in every city. I have one suggestion, that on Sundays you make a tent in that backyard garden to accommodate many guests and provide profuse prasadam to all.

Yes, actually there is now a skyscraper framework. Now you have to decorate and cover it nicely. To construct the form is the difficult portion of the adventure, but when it is there, it is not difficult to finish it---simply it requires a little taste. I am always thankful to Krishna that I have somehow got so many wonderful boys like yourself to assist me in this way. Now it is practically in your hands to finish and push on what I have started. I am now getting all respect and honor, so now you must preserve that standard and not dishonor me. Thank you very much for helping me.

I hope this finds you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
