---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dayananda — December 5, 1971",
    "h1":"Dayananda — December 5, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Dayananda — December 5, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dayananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Dayananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-12-05
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-05
To_letters       : Dayananda
Date_letter      : December 5
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Delhi
----

My dear Dayananda,

Please accept my blessings. I have received your letter of 27th November, 1971, and I am very encouraged that you are attempting for such a nice place. That is the way. If we try for the very best for Krishna, then we make rapid advancement in Krishna Consciousness. But not that we become foolhardy. No, discretion is the better part of valor, so if we keep a cool head then we can try for such big big things and meet with all success. This business of purchasing church is meant for GBC to decide, but for my part it appears advantageous for us. But one thing, where is parking? Without parking it is useless. If you think it is possible, you may try for this church, I have no objection. But are you certain we may raise such big amount of money? Now you consult with Syamasundara and see what can be done. Another thing: What happened to your plans for getting land in Regent's Park? If you can get some nice plot from the Queen for our Temple, we can build according to our own plan, that is the best plan. If it is true they have given a plot for some mosque, why they cannot give for a temple for worshiping in the genuine Indian or Vedic way?

I am very pleased that everything is progressing nicely in London under your supervision. I want that my London center remain very strong for preaching this Indian cult to the Britishers. Let them appreciate that after so many thousands of years this Vedic culture is still strong and effective, and that it can practically solve all the problems of material existence. Empires come and go, so many huge empires and lands and properties---all vanished, just like the British Empire. Now we are offering the real solution, so present them our philosophy nicely and they are very intelligent people, they will understand and appreciate. By becoming Krishna Conscious, no more need for wasting time by acquiring this or that to expand our economy. Every Krishna Conscious man should know it for certain that this material world simply has no use for us. Now there is war here between India and Pakistan; tomorrow there may be war somewhere else. With every step there is danger and so many anxieties. No gentleman should want to live here in this material world. So preach to the Britishers very strongly in this way. You have got good opportunity for preaching there, and I am encouraged by so many people I meet here in India who have visited our London Temple and we are very impressed that we are teaching pure Krishna Consciousness and that we are having good success.
