~~Title: Letter to: Vamanadeva, Indira — December 8, 1971~~
~~bc: Vamanadeva, Indira — December 8, 1971~~

====== Letter to: Vamanadeva, Indira ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Vamanadeva, Indira
ListDate_hidden  : 1971-12-08
showdate_hidden  : 2021-12-08
To_letters       : Vamanadeva, Indira
Date_letter      : December 8
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : Delhi
----

Oklahoma City

My dear Vamanadeva and Indira dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated 11/20/71, and I have noted the contents. I am very pleased that you have opened another Center for spreading Lord Caitanya's sublime Krishna Conscious Movement all over the world. I know you are very expert in this business of opening temples, because you have done very nicely in St. Louis temple. Now you simply carry out our routine program very nicely there in Oklahoma City, and you will meet with the same success. I am encouraged especially that my householder disciples are carrying out this task of opening centers all over the world. Such position of leadership and organization is regarded as Krishna's special favor upon you, because you are forced in this way to become very responsible and set the ideal KC example, and in this way you will make very nice advancement in spiritual life.

As for your questions about householder life, first of all, who is looking after Oklahoma City temple? If you are the President, then what is the use of opening center if you cannot attend all temple functions? Who is looking after temple management? If you are in charge, either you should live there or there is no need for such temple. Of course, it is not that anyone is excluded from being my disciple if they do not cent per cent attend all of temple programs, but they should be encouraged to attend as far as possible. Living outside and working are not prohibited, and it is not recommended that such strict rule as no outside living should be enforced, but living in the association of devotees is better. From our side there is never any objection if it is inconvenient for temple living, but if you are in charge of organizing your new center, I think you should live in the company of the other devotees there, to train them and work with them for distributing our books and magazines and pushing on this Krishna Consciousness Movement full-time. But if there is some difficulty to do this or some problem with getting money, then you should consult further with your GBC man to make adjustment. Preaching is our first-class engagement, including Sankirtana party, selling books, speaking, like that. But if for some reason a devotee is unable to do these things, then I say that they are allowed to live outside and work as a concession. Our service for Krishna is voluntary and can never be forced. And whatever position in life one holds he can serve Krishna in that way. But yourselves being such qualified and experienced preachers, what is the benefit of engaging in the second-class activity when there is so much preaching work to be done? Practically speaking, our Krishna philosophy will save the whole world from the most dangerous condition, that is a fact. So now you just become convinced yourselves of this fact and help me spread this Movement for saving the world with all conviction and attention, and in this way you will be performing the highest type of activity and very soon you will go back to Home, back to Godhead, know it for certain. I have no objection if you keep home deities.

I hope this will meet you in good health and cheerful mood,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
