---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Svati — India",
    "h1":"Svati — India",
    "title":"Letter to: Svati — India",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Svati ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Svati
ListDate_hidden  : 1971
To_letters       : Svati
Date_letter      : 
Year_letter      : 1971
Place_letter     : India
----

My dear Svati devi,

Please accept my blessings. I have duly received your letter dated January and I may inform you that I wrote you c/o your husband's parents in Berlin.

So your husband has gone but you should not be too much worried, your husband will come back to Krsna consciousness, if not now then later. Anyone who has tasted the bliss of Krsna consciousness he cannot stay away for a very long time. So you should not be too much concerned. Do not be too much worried---forget the past, do not be attached to it for we are only thinking of how we may now please the Supreme Personality of Godhead and the devotees are always optimistic for the advancement of their spiritual progress. So in the meantime there is no question of any more marriage by you so you will become freed from the entangling grip of maya which means sex life. Just see, so many people are suffering so much just for a little sex life. I am so much disturbed by problems caused by sex life that I am not going to sanction any more marriages. Our devotees must do it at their own risk from now on and they must provide their own income for living together outside the temple or if they live in the temple they must live separately.

So far as the other two children are concerned, they are not begotten by you but still it is important to save them for Krsna but if it appears impossible to get them back from the authorities never mind, that is Krsna's plan.

So now you have one son and you should see very carefully that he is raised and educated nicely in Krsna consciousness. If you are eligible for financial help from the government you may take it as it is not desirous to keep baby children in the temple.

I thank you for your statement. "I beg to always be of sound mind so that I may serve you unconditionally."

And to answer your last question, where will I go at the time of death if I am thinking of my spiritual master? You will go to Him just as Krsna says in Bhagavad-gita chapter 8-9 that whatever we are thinking about at the time of death---we shall attain to that nature without fail.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
