---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — January 5, 1972",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — January 5, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — January 5, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings, I beg to thank you for your letter dated 1st January, 1971.

I am very encouraged by your enthusiasm for preaching. Your proposal to go for preaching to Pakistan, Bangladesh, Ceylon, and China is very good. So immediately arrange for your Canadian citizenship, if it will give you more facility to preach widely. You are Sannyasi so preach in this ways and become __parivrajakacarya.__ It may be that very soon I will ask you and Tamala to go to Bangladesh for preaching. They must be preached that this thinking "I am Hindu" or "I am Mohammedan", is not any solution. We want unification of Hindu and Muslim. unification of all faiths and peoples and the method is being done by our Krishna Consciousness Movement. The intelligentsia and leaders of Bangladesh must be preached to, and informed of the activities of our Society. Kirtana will soften their hearts. So this proposal of yours for preaching is very good.

Please take quotation for the printing of a Bengali book---page 5" x 3 1/2", with very nice paper and softbound, about 100 pages long. When I receive the quotation I will send you a Bengali poem that I have written on the Bhagavad-gita called "Gitargan." All of the pamphlets and small books which you mention you would like to print you may go ahead and do so. Try to collect cent percent of the funds needed for printing, but I will pay up to 50% of the printing costs. So print these books immediately. Send me quotations and descriptions of what you want to print. I am prepared to pay you up to 50% from the Book Fund.

I am very anxious to know whether we are going to have our Mayapur function? I want very much to hold this function this year with all of my students, and I ask you to kindly serve me by making this possible. It is a very important day and it will be a great service to Srila Bhaktivinode Thakura and to His son Srila Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura. So please arrange for this program.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Tamala has gotten one letter from Birharilal that there are four mrdangas and twelve pairs of karatalas ready for shipment to Madras. We are going to hold a very large function in Jaipur and are leaving Bombay for Jaipur by the 12th instant. So I think these instruments will be required for this program. So please immediately dispatch this shipment to Bombay so that we may take the instruments with us to Jaipur.\\
PPS The Rs. 3200/- requested for the purchase of the two bighas of land in Mayapur has been sent by wire to your American Express Banking Corporation account no. 090031 in calcutta. Please acknowledge receiving it.

ACB

Bhanu must return to Japan immediately. He is needed there very much. Please allow him to go there.
