---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kulasekhara — January 10, 1972",
    "h1":"Kulasekhara — January 10, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Kulasekhara — January 10, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kulasekhara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kulasekhara
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-01-10
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-10
To_letters       : Kulasekhara
Date_letter      : January 10
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Cardiff, Wales

My dear Kulasekhara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated November 27, 1971, and I am very much pleased to hear from you that you are feeling the wonderful result of this preaching movement by yourself opening a nice center in Cardiff, Wales, and I am encouraged that there is such nice response by those people there. Our business is simply to plant the seed of devotional service wherever we go and to give everyone a taste of this transcendentally relishable activity of life. If we are very much convinced ourselves of Krishna philosophy, then we shall be able to inject this seed of devotional service into the hearts of persons, and they should be given all encouragement and facility to hear from Srimad-Bhagavatam and chant Hare Krishna, and in this way the seed will come out and the creeper will come out by such watering process. So now you have taken great responsibility to plant the seed of Krishna Consciousness in Cardiff, Wales, so I think that if you take the matter very seriously and remain cool-headed, that you will attract the attention of Krishna who will give you all opportunity. In this way, because you are responsible leader, Krishna will force you to advance in Krishna Consciousness. So you may know it that you are very much favored by Krishna.

One thing: You must be attentive that our routine work---such as rising early, cleansing, chanting, temple worship, reading, sankirtana, etc.---should always maintained at the highest level of Krishna Conscious standard, as the smallest neglect or inattention to these matters of routine practices will cause all our other programs to fail. These things are the backbone of spiritual life. So it is natural that in these things like chanting regularly 16 rounds and holding daily arati and kirtana are observed faithfully, then people will be attracted and our preaching will have effect and the management of temple affairs will become very easy matter.

I am glad to hear that you are distributing nicely books and magazines. The more we sell books, the more we advance in KC, and the more we help others to have solid information how they may take advantage of their human form of life and achieve the supreme perfection. So I want that you should now increase very greatly this selling of books and literatures. I have heard that in San Francisco they are selling daily not less than 75 Krsna Books. So I am __very__ much encouraged to hear this. Now take this spirit of transcendental rivalry and consult with Dayananda and the others there in England to be the first-rate book-sellers.

Your songs and poems are very much liked by me. Syamasundara informs me your proposal for travelling party for roving all over England and Wales, just like Kirtanananda is doing in America. I think this is a good proposal, and you may compose many such nice songs for attracting the young people from villages and towns. I very much approve of such travelling SKP program. And if you are able to infiltrate into schools and colleges for introducing Krishna Consciousness and selling our books, that is also very nice. In this way, keep yourself always 24 hours engaged in Krishna service, and very quickly you will advance to the highest platform of life. Somehow or other, Krishna has sent me sincere souls like yourself and others to assist me, therefore there has been a little progress. Thank you very much for helping me to spread Lord Caitanya's movement.

I hope this will meet you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
