---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna Bhamini — January 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Krsna Bhamini — January 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna Bhamini — January 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna Bhamini ======

My dear Krsna Bhamini devi dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated December 11th, 1971.

I always receive your letters with great pleasure. I am glad that you are appreciating so much this Krishna Consciousness Movement. Lord Krishna extends His mercy to all living entities, but He is particularly attentive to the needs of His devotees. You are blessed with an advanced devotee husband, you have now two nice devotee children, and by Krishna's grace you have taken a genuine Spiritual Master. So you are the most fortunate of women because you have been given every opportunity to attain the highest goal Krishna consciousness in this very lifetime.

I offer my blessings to your new child Manjari devi dasi. Have a feast, perform fire yajna, and Bhagavan may offer her a garland and announce "Our Spiritual Master has given her this nice name." So now your first duty should be to see your children develop nicely. There is no doubt they are advanced souls, so simply being in the association of their parents and other devotees they will very quickly make advancement.

I am glad to know that you are continuing on work on the children's version of Isopanisad. We will require such books for use in our Dallas, Texas school. Please do this work very thoughtfully; Krishna will give you good direction in how to do it. I have seen today the slides of the paintings from our Bhagavad-gita. Many of them are super-excellent. If we introduce these books in all the bookstores, schools, colleges, libraries and everyone's home our religion will be the only religion in the world very soon. This prediction has been made publicly here in one newspaper, by a Japanese philosopher, that within ten years Krishna Consciousness will be the world religion. If you all keep preaching in such a pure way this will undoubtedly prove true. So as the wife of a GBC member you have got the responsibility to help your husband to maintain the highest standard of Krishna Consciousness both in yourselves and in all the other devotees in the Temple.

Please offer my blessings to Bhagavan das and to your nice son and daughter and to all my beloved disciples in the Detroit ISKCON. I hope this will meet you all very well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:tkd
