~~Title: Letter to: Kirtiraja — January 2, 1972~~
~~bc: Kirtiraja — January 2, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Kirtiraja ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kirtiraja
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-01-02
showdate_hidden  : 2022-01-02
To_letters       : Kirtiraja
Date_letter      : January 2
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Brooklyn

My dear Kirtiraja dasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 23, 1971.

Regarding the list of my Godbrothers, you do not any longer need to send them issues of BTG or other books. That we will do from here in India. Similarly whenever you get requests for BTG subscriptions or other literature, you can forward these requests to Bombay ISKCON to the Secretary and he will deal with the requests.

You do not need to approach Gaudiya Math for films or photos of my Guru Maharaja. I do not think they have such films. Whatever photos we now have already of Guru Maharaja can be used.

Neither is it necessary to send the Indian life members circulars, since this will be very costly and they are not very much interested in our circulars.

I thank you very much for taking so seriously to helping me fulfill the order of Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati to distribute Krishna consciousness literature to the whole world masses. What strength our Movement has now got is due in large part to the enthusiasm we have had to distribute our literatures profusely throughout the world. I have got very, very encouraging reports how my books are being distributed vigorously in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Our New York Temple has got the most devotees so rightfully, they should also lead our Society in book distribution. You have got a very important duty to see that all the branches are kept with a full stock of all my books. And I know that we are getting many mail-orders daily, so you must see that these orders are all filled promptly. If we take the public's money, and then delay too long in filling the orders, this will give us a bad reputation. So be very conscientious and hard-working and Krishna will give you the ability to do everything nicely. There is no difference between chanting Hare Krishna or Sankirtana and doing one's assigned work in Krishna Consciousness. Sometimes we have to do so much managerial or office work, but Lord Caitanya promises us that because in the Kali yuga this is required for carrying on our preaching mission. He gives assurance that we will not become entangled by such work. When the work has to be done, do it first, then chant. But you must fulfill at least 16 rounds daily. So if necessary sleep less but you have to finish your minimum number of rounds.

Regarding Mr. Kallman, the matter is very simple. If he says he will do whatever I ask, then let him give us the rights. Then only shall I understand that he has got some feelings for me. We cannot pay him any money.

The difference between competition and Maya. Here, competition is for sense gratification. How much I can enjoy, my sense, and the other person sees how much he can enjoy his senses. In the spiritual world the competition is how to satisfy Krishna. There the center is one. If you draw innumerable circles they will not overlap. But here the circles will overlap. Even a small circle can overlap a large circle. This is because in the material world there are many centers, whereas in the spiritual world there is only one center. In the spiritual world whether the circles are big or small they will never overlap. In the spiritual world similarly, whatever or whoever is rendering the service, there is never competition of maliciousness.

I hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:tkd
