~~Title: Letter to: Hayagriva — January 10, 1972~~
~~bc: Hayagriva — January 10, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Hayagriva ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hayagriva
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-01-10
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-10
To_letters       : Hayagriva
Date_letter      : January 10
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Hayagriva, 

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters of December 8 and 16, 1971, and I am very pleased that you are making advancement in Krishna Consciousness, and especially that you are observing faithfully the regulative principles of chanting 16 rounds, observing arotik, etc. I have not heard from you for some time, so I had become worried what is your position. As GBC man you should become very responsible to see that the highest standards of Krishna Consciousness should be maintained all over the Society, and therefore it is essential to always be corresponding with the others and cooperating with you all wonderful godbrothers and godsisters to carry out this great mission of Lord Chaitanya. I think that your zone of GBC is South America and at present there is no activity there. But you may begin organizing things to that we may start something there. But your real work is editing work, so you should never forget it. I shall always give you sufficient matter. Under separate cover Shyamsundar is sending you transcriptions of my current translations from Srimad Bhagwatam, 4th Canto, as he types them daily. I am sending one copy also to Pradyumna to edit the Sanskrit, and you can send the finished copies to Jaiadwaita in New York.

I have not yet received the checks which you sent to Delhi, so best thing is if you stop payment on them and send new checks directly to my account at Bank of America, branch 308, Picola Cienega branch, checking account no. 308 1/61625 in the name of A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami, and notify me.

Regarding your proposal to comment on Western writers, that is not very important thing. It is not necessary. We want to comment on philosophy.

Your proposal for board of managers is approved by me, but I do not see Ranadir's name among the leaders. He is a chief inmate from the very beginning, why his name is missing?

I am sending five copies of gayatri mantra and two sacred threads duly chanted by me under separate post. Hold a fire yajna and give gayatri mantra to Prachi dasi, Adi Patite, Sandini dasi, Jaimini dasi, and Sureswara. I think Rupanuga has got a tape of me reciting gayatri mantra, so you may get it from him. One thing, the tape should be heard through earphones into the right ear. So hold the fire yajna for the five devotees.

I am going to Nairobi for a few days on the 25th to 30th January, and then we are returning to India for our programs in Ahmedabad, Madras, and Mayapur. In March I shall leave India and return to Los Angeles via Hong Kong, Australia, and Tokyo.

I hope this meets you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
