---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana — February 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana — February 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana — February 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-04
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-04
To_letters       : Vaikunthanatha, Patita Pavana
Date_letter      : February 4
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Vaikunthanatha and Patita Pavana,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of December 27, 1971, and I am very much pleased that your all programs are going on nicely. If you are living in an old Hindu Temple, that is very nice. Yes, actually this Hindu religion is a dead religion. In India, too, and in Africa, we have been offered many empty Hindu temples to take-over and manage. This Hindu religion has no philosophy, therefore it has died because in this age people have become very much hardened by material living and they are not much interested in sentimental religions like Hinduism. Sentiments are temporary and they always dry up. But what the people really want is a philosophy to give their life meaning and guide it under all changing circumstances---and the only philosophy available nowadays is profit, where is profit for sense gratification, or Marxism, or this -ism or that -ism. But none of these so-called philosophies have proven very successful in satisfying the people. Therefore, there is trouble all over the world, dissatisfaction, and people are taking to the only philosophy left or hopelessness philosophy. But our Krishna philosophy is bringing real meaning and hope to the modern people, we are opening up the dead churches and temples, so we may be certain that because our philosophy offers the substantial basis for everyone's life and the solution to all kinds of problems of miserable material life, that very soon the prediction of Lord Caitanya will come true and all men of the world will find shelter at the Lotus Feet of Krishna.

So I am very glad that you nice boys are helping me to revive the sleeping souls, in all parts of the world, and if we simply go on in this way, preaching very sincerely, following our routine work very strictly and maintaining always the highest standards of Krishna Consciousness, and by distributing more and more of books and literatures, then there is no doubt about it, that very soon we shall go back to Home, back to Godhead.

I hope this will find you both in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
