~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — February 14, 1972~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — February 14, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-14
showdate_hidden  : 2021-02-14
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : February 14
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Madras
----

Hamburg

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of 29 January, 1972, and I am very pleased to note that you are so enthusiastic to push on Krishna Consciousness and follow yourself very faithfully the regulative principles chalked out by our great predecessors. If you simply go on in this way, everything will come out successful, that we are seeing practically. So as GBC you must see to it that the highest standards of routine work are maintained throughout all the centers, and that chanting, rising early, cleansing, and all other aspects of our regular program may not be neglected. That is our first business. GBC men should not dictate very much, simply supervise and see that the standards are maintained. The individual presidents should be more managerial, more individual, and you can supervise, and if some defect is detected, you can make suggestions how to correct it. But if we lose individuality and simply become mechanical, what is the point?

With reference to your point that it may be too difficult to drive with van to India, if it is not practical then we should not attempt. But I see so many world tourists here in such vans, how they can do it and we cannot?

Regarding Krishna Das, I have heard that Sweden is a very good field, so if he is doing something tangible there, that is to his credit and why not he should remain there for some time---but why he does not write me letters and send his address? I do not know if he is taking active part of if he is not doing anything.

So far your producing records there, that is a very nice proposal, so do it nicely, however you think is best. Now our Society is growing very rapidly all over the world, and the burden of administration is taxing me too much and taking too much time. So I want that you all GBC men work cooperatively to manage things now, along with the other officers, and it is better if devotees can address their questions to you, and because I have now given you everything you are able to answer all such questions from what you know, and if there is any difficulty you may consult my books, or you may write me if necessary.

Regarding that house, I think it may be a little idealistic, but if you think it is suitable why not purchase it? There is need for a centralized European continent headquarters, just like our Bombay branch is the headquarters for India zone, so if you think this place may be suitable, and if the owner is very friendly with us and offers us very good terms, then all the European centres may cooperate to try for it. But one thing is, I don't think the government will support, because they will want to give us their syllabus and we will not be able to preach in our own way. So far purchase of press is concerned, that is a GBC matter for which you must consult the others.

Hope this will meet you in good health and happy mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
