---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sri Galim — February 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Sri Galim — February 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Sri Galim — February 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Sri Galim ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sri Galim
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-04
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-04
To_letters       : Sri Galim
Date_letter      : February 4
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Sri Galim,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of January 17, 1972, and I am pleased that, despite some difficulties, you are progressing steadily in pushing this Krishna Consciousness Movement in the Austin city. Actually, all such hardships should be understood as Krishna's favoring us, so that by enduring them we shall enhance our spiritual progress. I am encouraged by the amount of books you are selling, that is very, very good sign, and also by our course you are teaching in the University. That is our most important program: to teach in the schools and colleges and distribute many books and literatures. I have just heard from Sankarsana that you are planning to close down your center there. I cannot understand why this should be done if there is such good field for preaching and if you are having a university course. Our policy is not to decrease, only increase, therefore I do not think it is a good idea to leave Austin just because you have not got a temple house there. Better to stay there and work very hard, and then Krishna will provide a nice house where you may open your center very soon. There have been cases of closing down, but only where the field was absolutely hopeless and there was waste of time. But Sankarsana does not think you should close down, and he has offered to stay as President, and from your report it appears there is good prospect, so I think you should remain there and preach with increased determination.

Upon the recommendation of Visnujana, I am gladly accepting you for 2nd initiation. One sacred thread duly chanted by me, and one copy of Gayatri mantra, are included in a letter to Satsvarupa, and he may come there, since Dallas is not far from Austin, and hold a fire yajna and give you Gayatri mantra. I think he has got a tape of me reciting gayatri mantra. One thing, the tape must be heard through earphones into the right ear.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
