~~Title: Letter to: Nandarani — February 27, 1972~~
~~bc: Nandarani — February 27, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Nandarani ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Nandarani
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-27
showdate_hidden  : 2021-02-27
To_letters       : Nandarani
Date_letter      : February 27
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

My dear Nandarani,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated 1th February, 1972, and I am very much pleased that you are fully engaged in attending Sri Sri Radha and Krishna in London temple and that you are finding great satisfaction by pleasing always Their Lordships. I think you know the story how these deities practically miraculously appeared in our London center. Actually, miracle means see something I do not understand, so I am thinking, that is miracle. Just like if a small child sees me lift up one table, the child may think in that way, that it is miracle such big table could be lifted by me. So in real sense miracle means fool, because if I have no knowledge then I am fool, so I say Oh, it is miracle, but actually I am fool. So-called transcendentalists who have no real stock of knowledge they are fond of these miracles, and for the most part, because the innocent public is generally foolish, therefore they accept these rascals of magicians as saintly persons. But real knowledge means science or knowing everything about something. So this Krishna Consciousness is not a miracle, it is science, and because we are Krishna conscious, therefore we know everything, so practically we can understand how Krishna wanted to please His devotees and He appeared there so wonderfully, and we do not see anything miracle.

So I am very glad that you want to increase in this way, and I have no objection, as long as the standard which instructed is not changed. Devotees like to increase, that is very nice, but this whimsically changing, now one way, now another way, now this schedule, now that one, this is not good. But as you have suggested to make nice bed and night clothes, that is good proposal. Originally I wanted that such bed, along with throne or gorgeous chair, be placed to the side, but I do not think anyone has done it. So you may add these features. Main point is to keep altar and everything very clean and neat, and to offer Radha and Krishna everything in the most opulent manner just suitable to your means, and always with full love and devotion, even it may be only a little water or few leaves if you are poor man.

As you ask about Rathayatra Festival, I may inform you that this year it is held on Wednesday July 12th, but you may celebrate it on the following Sunday, July 16th. If I am able at that time, I shall most certainly be very glad to come. I think three times I have seen the San Francisco Rathayatra Festival, but I have not yet been favored to attend the London Festival, so I shall very much like to come there if you can arrange and if you like I shall come.

I am always remembering with pleasure you and your good husband Dayananda, and how you have been with me practically since the first and how you are serving Krishna so sincerely and making such nice progress in Krishna Consciousness.
