---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — February 24, 1972",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — February 24, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — February 24, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Krsna dasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-24
showdate_hidden  : 2023-02-24
To_letters       : Krsna dasa
Date_letter      : February 24
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

My dear Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of February 11, 1972, and I am very much pleased that you are going on with your work in Krishna Consciousness despite so many obstacles which Maya has placed in your path just to try to deviate you from going back to Home, back to Godhead. So I am very glad that you are trying something there, I have heard Sweden is a very good field. So I have informed Hansadutta that you may stay there and work for opening a branch if there is good response. And so far money and books, I have informed Karandhara what is the position and he shall be sending you some money for immediately renting one place for temple, as well as sufficient stock of literatures. Without such books and magazines, our preaching work has no authorized basis, so there must be always books. Now you develop there very nicely, it is Krishna's grace you are there, so just as you practically developed first the Hamburg center, so you will be getting the extra credit for starting Sweden branch.

I think that if you go on in this way and spend your whole time preaching and engaging others to hear you and become themselves engaged in Krishna's service, that will cure you of all misgivings and miserable conditions. Follow this simple formula of chanting regularly with full attention, reading at least one hour, and balance time preaching and speaking and managing one center, and then everything will be all right. For my part, there is no question of dissatisfaction, I am very much pleased with your sincere service and humble attitude of Krishna Consciousness devotee. And I am also aware that sometimes Hansadutta will be very stubborn, but he is also doing something there, so why not let him go on, and you take charge of opening branches in those northern European countries like Sweden, and that will be very much appreciated by me. If you require some more help in any way, just inform and I shall do the needful, do not worry. Also, Syamasundara is writing to Dayananda to send you books, whatever they can, from London, and they can send some men to help also if you require.

Hoping this meets you in good health and happy mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
n.b. I have heard that the Nobel Prize Institution is in Sweden. Why don't you present them our books? Find out what to do if we can win Nobel Prize.
