---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — February 19, 1972",
    "h1":"Upendra — February 19, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — February 19, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Upendra ======

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of February 2, 1972, and I shall answer your questions as follows: (1) "Panjika" is a calendar. (2) As for your question about Santa Rasa and the opinions of Rupa Goswami and Sridhara Swami, I don't remember. You can send me the appropriate passages. There is no reason why Acaryas cannot differ on certain points. (3) Dhoop arati may be performed in the morning if there is unusually great complaining, but it is better to hold full arati, but quietly, as in Bombay they play a tape-recording of myself singing arati softly and hold full arati. We should not try to diminish our standard of deity worship once it has reached a certain program, and it is especially nice to wake up Radha and Krishna with full arati with everyone dancing, but quietly. (4) You may wait until I arrive there before installing deities. (5) So far foodstuffs offered do the needful. Whatever is available and also very nice, that is offerable, as long as no meat, fish, eggs, garlic, onions, or other very objectionable foodstuffs are there. Salads are all right, and there is no condition on which type of rice, the best available under the circumstances, that's all. What matters is that everything is very nicely prepared and offered with great loving devotion, that is wanted.

(6) Yes, I have already informed Upananda (above) that I shall be coming to Australia about end of March or before, so you can expect an exact date very soon.

(7) Psychiatrists are humbug, all humbug. They cannot help. Best thing is to be engaged in continuously chanting and hearing Sankirtana, that will cure anyone of mental disease.

(8) Although there is no GBC man for Far East for addressing your questions, still, as I am now old man and inclined for philosophy and translating, I am asking my disciples to kindly give me some relief from so much administrative work and asking questions. I have appointed this GBC for that purpose, and you are also senior member, and I have given you already everything, so you please consult among yourselves if you have questions. It is said __sevon mukha hi jihbado, sayam eva sphurat adah,__ or "By engaging one's tongue in chanting and taking prasada, simultaneously following the regulative principles, the Lord reveals Himself upon this." In other words, if you are sincere to serve continuously and always chanting, all such questions become answered automatically. I never asked my Spiritual Master one question except one: "How shall I serve you?" So in this way, kindly inform the others that I may be relieved to give you so many more nice books---that is my real desire.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
