~~Title: Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — February 18, 1972~~
~~bc: Ksirodakasayi — February 18, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Ksirodakasayi ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ksirodakasayi
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-02-18
showdate_hidden  : 2020-02-18
To_letters       : Ksirodakasayi
Date_letter      : February 18
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Calcutta
----

My dear Ksirodakasayi,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of 10th February, 1972, and have noted the contents. One thing is, I left on February 11th from Bombay and still there was neither intimation nor waybill for the 2000 BTG's, and you say "receipt no." and then there is blank, so I am curious how you are doing things, when you say everything was dispatched on the 5th. In 6 days mail cannot travel between Delhi and Bombay? Also, I understand that you were requested to send the magazines immediately upon returning to Delhi from Jaipur, which ended on the 23rd. Why you delayed so long? Now we have no Hindi magazines to distribute, either in Madras or Visakhapatnam, so I think things are not being managed very well, because, even there may be now 2000 magazines in Bombay, also there is no one there now to distribute them, nor will anyone be there until March, so you must take all these things into account, because unless the magazines are distributed nicely, what is the use of printing them? Also, I note that only Rs. 850/- was collected from Jaipur, but I was told by you and by others that more than 1000 magazines were sold. Kindly clear up this matter. And why no magazines (by 10th February) have been sent to Calcutta. There are many Hindi-speaking people there, practically the business community is all Hindi-speaking, so why they have not received any BTG's?

Another thing is, it was stipulated that you would print ten thousand copies each issue, and, as per your letter of 30th December, 1971, you have given me quote from Radha Press at Rs. 7984/- for 10,000 copies, why this is broken? If it is better to order less, still, we are not able to enhance the price so much under the circumstances. For 5,000 copies you have paid nearly Rs. 1/- each copy, so why such huge discrepancy between 80 paise per copy and 1 rupee per copy?

For this first issue, because it cost you a rupee to produce, and because the temples are selling at one rupee, therefore you can only charge them one rupee and we shall take no profit this time. From now on, if you are printing 10,000 copies at 80 paise each, then you may bill 85 paise and they can sell at one rupee. Each center should send their magazine money directly to my BKF Account in Bombay Central Bank of India. I shall advise each center that as soon as they get the magazines they should advance the money via inter-bank mail transfer to my BKF Account.

I have received your telegram advising me of the Saraf promise, and I have duly replied by cable: "Offer accepted, finalize legal matters, bring papers plot dimensions to Mayapur by 22nd." So I have nothing to add to this except that Rohininandan is also coming there and we shall chalk out a plan how to do everything nicely concerning both the printing and Vrindaban land.

Your son Caturbhuja is coming out a very good devotee. I am in receipt of his letters and he is asking very intelligent questions, so I have instructed London center to take special care of him. I am thinking he will come out a very good devotee. You are so fortunate to have such a nice son. Now you encourage him also, and he will be your great gift to Krishna.

So you may come to Mayapur, and I have also invited Ramananda and all my disciples in India, and I think we shall number at least 50 heads, because we are being joined from here by Puri Maharaja and some of his close assistants. We shall leave for Calcutta on Tuesday, the 22nd, and are supposed to arrive in Mayapur by 25th latest. So you come too, and if you have finished the latest Hindi BTG you may bring some of those as well.

Regarding the law suit I am making against the three defendants, if you can give Gargamuni Maharaja some assistance in this matter, and see to it that it rests in the hands of a competent lawyer before Gargamuni must go to Bombay, that will give me great relief. I am always counting on your senior experience and good advice in these matters, and I am especially pleased upon you that you have secured that Saraf land for Krishna. Now let us cooperate to build up a wonderful center there in Vrindaban.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
