~~Title: Letter to: Hayagriva — March 22, 1972~~
~~bc: Hayagriva — March 22, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Hayagriva ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hayagriva
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-03-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-03-22
To_letters       : Hayagriva
Date_letter      : March 22
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

My dear Hayagriva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated March 1, 1972, along with pictures of cows. I am so much engladdened by the news that you are producing many books, faster than they can print, so this is especially pleasing to me and I have wanted all along that you should especially do this work of writing and editing. This means that you will advance nicely because you will have to become very thoughtful and go deep into the subject matter. The titles are nice, so many you live long and always do this service.

If you have the idea to write a book based on Chaitanya Charitamrita, that is nice, I approve. The translation you have got is not perfect, but it is tolerable, so I think something can be done. Now Pradyumna is with me, and Nanda Kumar also, so altogether we are now four, so now the translation work will gradually be increased, and I am glad to report that I am now translating nightly and each day Shyamsundar types the tape and Pradyumna is editing Sanskrit, so we shall be sending more and more material because you say that you can edit any amount we can supply, so I take that as a challenge and I shall try to see if you can keep up with me. Yes, you are correct to say that "It is all nectar," everything having relation with Krishna or Lord Chaitanya is nectarine and our literatures in our line of Vaisnava acharyas is so nice that there is no comparison anywhere in the world for it, so I want that my disciples like you and others should take this task very seriously to give the world the access to this great treasure of Vaisnava literature by producing innumerable books and small booklets, and that force of literary influence will change everything and save the people from their miserable condition and corrupt status of life.

I have no objection if you all big leaders hold joint meetings if they are necessary, but in general I think everything can be done by correspondence. When I shall come to Los Angeles I shall call all of you there and we can sit down together. We have left our place at Akash Ganga to live on our large land at Juhu, near Bombay, and we are holding a very nice Hare Krishna Festival to advertise the new place and also to give the public in general our idea to build here a "Hare Krishna City." We shall be leaving India on 31st March for Australia, and because I have promised my disciple in those places, I will spend a few weeks in the Far East and Japan before returning to Los Angeles.

Thank you for settling up the account with me for $100 balance, you may send me a copy of the deposit receipt when it is done.

Hoping this will meet you and your family in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
