---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna — April 25, 1972",
    "h1":"Gurudasa, Yamuna — April 25, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna — April 25, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa, Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-04-25
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-25
To_letters       : Gurudasa, Yamuna
Date_letter      : April 25
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Tokyo
----

Vrindaban

My dear Gurudasa and Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of Gurudasa's letters dated 8th April, 1972, and nil, respectively, and Yamuna's letter dated 9th April, 1972, and I have noted the contents with great pleasure. I am much very happy to hear that hut and fence are finished. You may submit the bill to Gargamuni with my approval that he can pay it. I don't think there is any question of Ksirodakasayi's ability to manage everything there, and he is appointed president by me, so what is the question? So far designing the temple is concerned, it is nice that you have got the honourary services of one Mr. Suri to help us. Govindaji temple is there, and a common 3-story as residential quarters may be built, so there is no difficulty for designing. One set of plans should be drawn up of Govindaji's temple, including dimensions, and one copy of them may be sent to Saurabha in Bombay.

So far our books are concerned, Karandhara has just dispatched 5,000 copies of each volume of Krishna Book, paperback edition, or 15,000 books total to Bombay. I shall ask him to send you the full information so you can get CCP immediately so there will be trouble when the books arrive there. All books which we import will be invested in India, it is not that we shall sell and take the money outside. No, the money from sales we shall spend in Bombay, Mayapur and Vrindaban.

In Vrindaban we can begin this prasadam distribution program also. Of course, there are many __chatras__ for distributing, but we shall give them also Krishna Consciousness, that will be unique. And very soon Tamala Krishna is going to Bangladesh, so he shall initiate a huge prasadam distribution program there, so I don't think your estimate has been too high---in fact, we may very soon have to increase it, as they are distributing in Bombay extensively, and if you begin that program in Vrindaban. Cloth also we shall get, enough cloth from Bombay and Ahmedabad mill owners, as soon as the public begins to appreciate this prasadam distribution. So kindly consider it very much important to begin this collection of foodstuffs from your government immediately for dividing among our India and Bangladesh centers.

Regarding Yamuna's questions, if possible, you can have all 8 Gopis of 42" height, but it may be cumbersome. There is one Asta Sakhi Temple there in Vrindaban, you may see how this is arranged there. Krishna may be black, Balarama of white, and the pose of the back of the BTG is very nice. You cannot get Lord Caitanya with all five of His Associates? Formal seated pose of me can be there, Visakha has taken photos for that in Jaipur, but one thing is it possible to be made correctly? If not, it is no good.

Hoping this will meet you both in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
