---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — April 10, 1972",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — April 10, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — April 10, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-04-10
showdate_hidden  : 2023-04-10
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : April 10
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Sydney
----

Dallas

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated March 17, 1972, and I am very much pleased to hear from you that everything is going nicely at our Gurukula school, and also that two travelling SKP parties from Dallas are having such good success by turning in $3000 to my Book Fund in one month only. That is such nice service to Krishna, and it is news that makes my heart gladdened. Actually, I have very great hope for these travelling parties, our Gurukula school, and all our other projects, that by engaging ourselves in these ways, so long we do not forget the purpose of such activity then we shall very much revise the nasty situation in the world as it exists present moment, and we shall observe that angelic persons like you all nice devotees will be very much prominent in public life everywhere. That is my hope. But I have been very much disturbed recently by the meeting which you all have had in New York, wherein you have passed so many resolutions and elected Atreya Rsi to GBC Secretary, and made so many other changes. I am very much puzzled by the whole business. Therefore I have not approved of it, and you may by now have received my letter why I have temporarily suspended the GBC. Let us not revive this old matter, but I want to know from you what is your opinion of the matter, and how is it that Hansadutta and Atreya Rsi were able to persuade you all senior leaders of the Society to follow their foolish activities? Kindly inform.

From now on, the temples will operate independently and try to improve their spiritual life more carefully, so there is no more need for such financial arrangement of centralization, as you have proposed. Better you concentrate your time on improving Gurukula school, that is a huge task. You are responsible to train so many children in the highest knowledge of life, so that cannot be neglected in any way. You are also doing editing work, so I think that in these two ways you can remain yourself always busy in devotional service, without more work of management of many other temples required.

So far your statement, "Our final success will be when you actually sit tight and translate books and let us manage successfully," yes, that is my desire, but if you can do it or not, that has again disturbed me very much. Now I have given you everything, but I do not see that even the basic principles of advancement in spiritual life are always there, and sometimes there is tendency to neglect what is our real purpose of life, namely, to become mad after Krishna, and instead we become carried away by big big talk. So I am still thinking how things will go on.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
