~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — April 24, 1972~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — April 24, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-04-24
showdate_hidden  : 2020-04-24
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : April 24
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Tokyo
----

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated April 18, 1972 and I have noted the contents. This program to make each and every center spiritually strong should be the duty of the GBC. So far financing, let them do in their own way, and you can simply advise them. Don't bother too much about financial matters, but your first concern should be book and magazine distribution. We have to increase our preaching propensity. That is our main business. Your reports of book distribution are very, very encouraging. The more you distribute our books and magazines, that is solid work. Here in Japan, we have got very good prospects for the future. Last night many Japanese boys and girls came and I saw good prospects for the future. Everywhere we have got good devotees. Krishna consciousness is dormant in everyone and we can awaken it in them. All your news is very good and I thank you very much. This Krishna consciousness is so nice, the more one works and renders service, the more he becomes enthusiastic. This is the secret of spiritual life. The test of spiritual life is when one can work all day long and not be tired. In the material world, we do a little work and become exhausted. 24 hours we should be engaged in some service to our capacity. That is real spiritual life.

Sivananda is a good soul, and you should try to encourage him. He is just like your younger brother. So far your apologies what is done is done, it doesn't matter. Just go on doing your work. You have got immense field for working in Germany, so with the help of Sivananda and Mandali Bhadra, organize Germany very successfully, and Krishna will be pleased. I have received one copy of the German BTG from ISKCON Press, and it is done very nicely. Sivananda can be given sannyasa, and when I go to Los Angeles, I shall let you know regarding this. I must know who the other boy is and then I can consider his case. Actually, all of you are more than sannyasis. Anyone who has dedicated his life to Krishna, he is sannyasi, yogi, and everything. That is the statement of __Bhagavad-gita__---one who does not work for his personal benefit is a sannyasi. It doesn't matter what is his dress. So all our devotees are more than sannyasis. We are members of Krishna's family. Our aim is not to become a Mayavadi sannyasi, but to become family members of Krishna's devotees. Krishna maintains 16,000 families, and if you get a chance to serve in one of the families, then your life is a success. Real sannyasa means no more interest in material activities, but simply dedicated to Krishna's service. That is real sannyasa. So you are greater than a sannyasi. You train all these boys to be practical sannyasis in the service of Krishna.

If it is possible to make the London Rathayatra more gorgeous by your all going, than do it. Cooperate with Dayananda. Last year in San Francisco, there were three chariots, and it was very successful, so you can do the same there. I may come also, if Lord Jagannatha attracts me.

Hoping this will meet you in good health and happy mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/nkd
