---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Amogha — May 9, 1972",
    "h1":"Amogha — May 9, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Amogha — May 9, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Amogha ======

Melbourne

My dear Amogha,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated May 3, 1972, and I have noted the contents. I am very much pleased to hear from you that all the programs in Melbourne are increasing enthusiastically under your supervision. I like Melbourne very much. One thing is, too much competition between centers is not good, the emphasis should be on cooperation, not competition. I do not think it is necessary to have two presses. We should not misuse time and money, better to convince Mohanananda to increase his press work and supply you with all materials, and in return you supply him with something, that is mutual cooperation. And if you divert your attention to a lot of business, then spiritual advancement will be hampered. So I do not think it is wise to get that big store and start a big business with many departments. That will distract. Our main business is to become Krishna Conscious and to convince others through preaching work. Therefore, we do not want to strive for making big business and lots of money. Of course, money is required, but better to sell many, many books and collect in that way.

I am very glad to hear that you have got one Life Member there in Melbourne. He is helping you to get that press, but I do not think your getting another press will help. You claim that Sydney press is not working; similarly, if you start a press and there is not sufficient work, you will suffer. If you want literature, it will be sent. If there are different small presses, the work will not be of good quality. So this opening of small presses here and there, I am not in favor. Of course, if you utilize that store for a kirtana hall and book store, that is another matter---then many people will be attracted to actually learn about our movement and join us. That is a good proposal.

Mohanananda has not yet come, so do not do anything new until we have discussed, and when I hear what he wants to do, I shall contact you then.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

cc: Mohanananda/Sydney.\\
ACBS/sda
