~~Title: Letter to: Bhagavan — May 12, 1972~~
~~bc: Bhagavan — May 12, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhagavan
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-05-12
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-12
To_letters       : Bhagavan
Date_letter      : May 12
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Honolulu
----

My dear Bhagavan das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 5/8/72, and I have noted the contents. Regarding the zone redistribution, others have also pointed out the discrepancy in middle USA zone, so we have changed that zone to include also all centers north of the Ohio River, Kentucky, Missouri, Arkansas, Louisiana. If there is still any objection, you can let me know at Los Angeles address.

I am glad to hear that you are consolidating you energies to expand Krishna consciousness more effectively throughout midwestern zone, and I am pleased to learn that you are organizing travelling Sankirtana Party. That is our real business, travel and preach, distribute literature and prasadam. I want now that all of my GBC secretaries do my work. Let me sit tight in Los Angeles and write my books. Now you be always travelling here and there, visiting the centers in your zone, seeing how things are going on and how the students are making spiritual progress. That is our real concern, the spiritual progress of life. That is duty of GBC. Practically, this ISKCON organization is there because I have been always travelling. I never sat down in my old age, no. So you follow my example and preach widely all over the world, that is Caitanya Mahaprabhu's version. We are re-apportioning the GBC zones, so now I may ask you to go to some other part of the world to see how the things are going on, that I shall settle up very soon. Will you have any objection?

I am very much encouraged by the results of your re-organizing of temples, so go forward in this way, never mind we may sometimes have to concentrate in order to make further progress. I have heard from Srimati dasi that she has purchased your deities in Jaipur and they are being shipped to you from Bombay. Now I want the worship of Sri Sri Radha Krishna to be very seriously undertaken by you, and try to see they are always satisfied in every way. This is the ultimate in arcana worship, so the standard must be the highest. Kindly certify this will go on at the highest standard.

I am glad to see that you are trying for some cars for India. We need immediately some cars and vans. I was just talking with Gaurasundara how this can be done. I think Scindia has got ships to Detroit, so if you can find this out I can arrange for some shipping to India. You can contact Tamala Krishna in Mayapur for getting photos and information from him about our food-distribution program there and how we are feeding the needy persons in that area daily not less than 2000 persons. The USA government is giving us free foodstuffs and grains for distribution, so why such big motorcar companies should not also help if your government is agreeable? Even they cannot donate, we can purchase at cost price or for some token price, but immediately I want that some cars and vans be sent to India, there is so much need for them there.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
