~~Title: Letter to: Madhudvisa — May 26, 1972~~
~~bc: Madhudvisa — May 26, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Madhudvisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhudvisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-05-26
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-26
To_letters       : Madhudvisa
Date_letter      : May 26
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

My dear Madhudvisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter from Sydney dated May 16, 1972, and I have noted the contents with great encouragement. Your plan for traveling in Australia and New Zealand is very good. Sydney is naturally the center for that zone and if you have constantly traveling sankirtana parties roving in Australia and New Zealand, that will be first class proposal. Your letter to Tusta Krsna is very nice and just to the point. I had just written to Amogha in this connection. I had told him that purchasing another press in Melbourne was not very much required at the present moment. So if you think New Zealand can be fully reliant upon Sydney for printing work and that Sydney temple can become very responsible in this matter, then they should not purchase any press. New Zealand is first class dairy and farming country in the world, so if you can establish some nice asrama there for raising and protecting cows, that will be a great service.

I had written you one letter to Bombay requesting that you shall be the GBC man for the South Pacific, South West Asia, and Australia-New Zealand zone. It was the idea of Karandhara, and Syamasundara and the others to redivide the world into twelve zones and reappoint new GBC members to fill those positions. So we have been meeting for the past several days, and we have decided that you will be the best man to manage Australia, New Zealand, and all of the South West Asia zone, including Hong Kong, Philippines, Malaysia, etc. Now I want that my GBC representatives shall travel extensively throughout their zone, without stopping in any one place for very long. Their job will be to see how things are going on, that the spiritual standard is maintained very high, to give encouragement to the devotees, like that. So you organize one traveling party and yourself lead them and go all over that zone, opening new centers wherever possible. Trivikrama has written me one letter and he is requesting to change from Japan. So if you like he can come to Manila or Sydney or wherever you prefer. He is awaiting your instructions in Tokyo.

I can understand that you have become very much enthusiastic by shifting to Australia and this enthusiasm is very much desirable by Krsna. Do not become ever depressed. But go on spreading this enthusiastic quality throughout that part of the world and this will be a very very great service. I have seen myself that there is a very good potential in Australia and New Zealand and other places in that part of the world, so you just apply your experience and your advanced knowledge and enthusiasm and this will please my very much. Thank you for helping me in this way.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
