---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 28, 1972",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — June 28, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 28, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

My dear Tamala Krsna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 22, 1972, and with great pleasure I have noted the contents and enclosures. But one thing, I do not find any mention of how the work is going on there at Mayapur. I have entrusted you as the leader of this project to see that it is always going on at full capacity, that the men are working, that the money shall be collected and spent wisely and timely, and in all respects take full responsibility for this great construction work. But I do not find even any mention how the work is going in your letters. Neither I find any photos or mention in the letters from Acyutananda, Bhavananda, and Jayapataka. Why you are not mentioning? I received sometime back two telegrams requesting money to be transferred in the usual manner, and I have duly replied the telegrams by informing you to first receive the money from Mr. Jayan, as before, and then send us requisition order with minimum joint signature of two numbers. But as yet you have not sent any requisition notice, neither have we made any transfer, so how these things will go on like this? So before going to Bangladesh you should receive the money from Mr. Jayan then send the requisition order with joint signatures. You must jointly take responsibility in this matter or I shall be always in anxiety how the things are going on. I consider this Mayapur Project to be our most important work practically, so when I do not get any information I can naturally assume the worst.

Your touring party has done a very excellent job of spreading Krishna Consciousness in Bihar state as I have seen from the newsclippings and other enclosures which you have sent. One thing, our Subala Maharaja is preaching alone in Kanpur and I do not very much approve of alone preaching, so if you like you can request him to join with your party.* Also, Gargamuni Maharaja has left Bombay with his party for touring in Gujarat state and other places. Your touring and the publicity is a tremendous service. Krsna will be very much pleased. This touring and preaching, along with sankirtana party, this is our actual mission. And if you go to Bangladesh and do the same work there, it will be a great achievement for you and all of the world if you are successful. So I will pleased to learn if you have got the visas in Delhi, and if you go to Bangladesh make certain first to get the money from Mr. Jayan and sent the requisition order with signatures duly.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*Subala's address is c/o Swami Om Prakash, Ramayan Vedanta Ashram, 112/177 ARYA NAGAR, KANPUR-2, U.P.
