~~Title: Letter to: Amarendra — June 12, 1972~~
~~bc: Amarendra — June 12, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Amarendra ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Amarendra
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-06-12
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-12
To_letters       : Amarendra
Date_letter      : June 12
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Gainesville

My dear Amarendra,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 5-30-72, along with newsclippings about your attempt to get the political post in Gainesville, Florida. I am very glad to hear from you that you are enthusiastically pushing forward with our Krishna Consciousness programs there.

I was very pleased to see in the newspaper clippings that you were voicing our Krishna Consciousness platform very nicely and that the public was given opportunity to understand something. As you are so much eager for this political activity in Krishna Consciousness, you may go on endeavoring to utilize this activity for preaching to the public. If Satsvarupa and others have encouraged you to make settlement in the Gainesville city and thus become well known as a political figure, that is a good proposal but you may do as you see fit in this matter. You are correct in thinking that simply by this full-time preaching activity all other problems will be solved very easily in the matter of financial and other problems. What is that financial security? Real security is only there at the Lotus Feet of Krishna, and Krishna is most pleased of all upon His devotee who is always preaching His message. It is recommended in __Srimad-Bhagavatam__ that simply by engaging your tongue in the service of Krishna that He becomes revealed unto you, so in this way we can understand that all of your questions will be answered more and more as the preaching work progresses. I was also at one time interested in politics and Gandhi's non-cooperation movement. But now-a-days I am not too much familiar with the politics of your country, so whatever you consider the best thing, do it very nicely and always remember Krishna. In this way by your sincere preaching and engaging of the tongue all of the right answers for your questions will come out.

It is a fact that Krishna desires to have His own men in the top posts. That is why after so much fighting in the Battle of Kuruksetra, only the five Pandavas remained, because they are devotees of Krishna and He likes it when His own men are serving in the top positions of leadership. So gradually we shall also try to influence the leaders of this country and other countries to base their political activities upon a God-conscious platform. It is the duty of the brahminical class to advise the leaders, not that they shall themselves serve as leaders. So more and more I am urging my students to recognize the grave responsibility which is theirs for saving this fallen human society from gliding down into hell. Actually, it is the fault of the rascal leaders that the conditions in the world today are so topsy-turvy. In your country many fools elect the biggest fool to be their leader, it is like one blind man leading so many other blind men. But for the most part, the ordinary citizens of the society are innocent enough, they simply require good leaders and everything can be rectified. So it is our great responsibility to become very serious in the matter of executing Krishna Consciousness, and if we are sincere and go on expanding this movement all over the world, gradually we shall induce the leaders to accept our philosophy more and more. You are the pioneer in this matter amongst the devotees in your country, so whatever experience you have gained you may pass on to the others who may also attempt to engage in political activities. I am very thankful to you for your bold attempts, may Krishna give you His all blessings.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACB/sda
