---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni, Mahamsa, Naranaraya, Giriraja — June 19, 1972",
    "h1":"Gargamuni, Mahamsa, Naranaraya, Giriraja — June 19, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni, Mahamsa, Naranaraya, Giriraja — June 19, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gargamuni, Mahamsa, Naranaraya, Giriraja ======

My dear Gargamuni, Mahamsa, Naranarayana, and Giriraja,

My dear boys, kindly accept my blessings, and I hope by Krishna's Grace you are doing all well. This morning I received one telephone message that there is some misunderstanding between yourselves, and Giriraja, who is in charge of Bombay center. I may inform you in this connection that what I am doing to push on this great movement in the world is all with your cooperation. It is not possible for me alone to execute this great responsibility. Kindly, therefore, abide by the direction of the man in charge of the center. If there is lack of obedience then there cannot be discipline, and without discipline we cannot manage a huge world organization. I shall be returning by September next. Kindly therefore do not make any fracture during this period at least, and when I return if you all don't like the man in charge surely I shall replace him out of you. But for the time being, please do not make any rupture, and please obey by the direction of Giriraja Brahmacari.

So far Gargamuni is concerned, I have already given him permission to go to Ahmedabad and other places in Gujarat State. He is a sannyasi and his main business is to travel and preach as I am doing in this old age, and that will please me very much.

So far Nara Narayana is concerned, he is engaged in gardening work, so please give him all facility so he can make a good garden on all the vacant land on our property.

Mahamsa and Cyavana may act by the decisions of Giriraja, so Cyavana may transfer his building supervision work to somebody else, according to Giriraja. I have heard the building work is not going on satisfactorily, but that is our main business there, so if it is not being done nicely, the proper experienced man must be put in charge of the construction work.

So in conclusion, it is my request even you do not agree on some points, Giriraja is in charge so please follow his direction and that will please me. I am very much anxious to see the progress at Bombay center, and I want it shall become the first-class preaching center in the world. Please help me in this ambition. If we can manage successfully, we will be attractive for the whole of India. Our task is very heavy, do not neglect by paltry disagreement. I hope Krishna will bless you to understand my heart and oblige.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
