~~Title: Letter to: Jayapataka — July 30, 1972~~
~~bc: Jayapataka — July 30, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayapataka
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-07-30
showdate_hidden  : 2021-07-30
To_letters       : Jayapataka
Date_letter      : July 30
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Amsterdam
----

Mayapur

My dear Jayapataka,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated July 22, 1972, and I am very happy to hear the things are going nicely in Mayapur. I do not hear very often what is going on there, but from your description I can understand that it must be very nice there now in this monsoon season. I have not heard from Tamala Krishna at all in this connection, so I do not know if he is still taking part in the Mayapur work or what.

If you make it a first-class temple, there will be no lack of visitors for preaching, you will never even have to leave that place for preaching. And if you serve nice prasadam, the whole of India will come. So stick to our principles very rigidly, and everyone will come to see these American Vaisnavas. I want that we shall excel the Caitanya Math. They have been struggling for the last 50 years, and we shall surpass them in two years. We are working two shifts of labor: that is American style of doing things. I am very pleased if you can continue in this manner of American style. But if you do not, then I shall remain on the same level, then it is a great discredit to the Americans. But if I defeat my godbrothers, then I am worthy to be called the guru of the Americans. Even there is competition in spiritual life.

Regarding funds, we are supplying for building purposes from here, but if there is emergency, then Giriraja can help. But for the present we are sending whenever you have requested. But your form of requesting has not been as we had arranged, therefore there has been delay. I told you at least two must sign, but in the last request from Bhavananda, even he did not sign, the letter was not even signed by one person! Try to be very careful in these matters at all times, we are doing very responsible work. And so far the maintenance, Calcutta is taking care, so there is no problem. Yes, you are correct, all membership and book collections shall be sent to Bombay, donations for maintenance may be kept there and spent locally, unless they are very sizeable, then they can go to Bombay.

Very soon you will be receiving many, many books. I shall instruct Giriraja to send you as many books as you shall require for selling there for raising fund for Mayapur project. I do not wish to send more funds from here, but we shall send you free of charge many books and the whole money collected from them may be spent in building.

I am glad to hear that you are purchasing more land for expanding. What about our former land purchased from some Ghose that is on the left side of our land? From so many wonderful varieties of vegetables, you will get very soon full of vitamins. Keep a cow, then there will be no question of scarcity or relying upon somebody else for your maintenance. Now you have got a big hall on first floor, so keep rice stock there to protect from floods.

I think the whole atmosphere in Mayapur must be now very, very nice and I shall be so much glad to return there sometimes in the month of September, so kindly finish up the work by that time. Malati has expressed desire to decorate my quarters there, so as soon as they are ready she may come there and prepare everything very nicely.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
cc: Giriraja/Bombay
