~~Title: Letter to: Gurudasa — August 1, 1972~~
~~bc: Gurudasa — August 1, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-08-01
showdate_hidden  : 2022-08-01
To_letters       : Gurudasa
Date_letter      : August 1
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : London
----

Vrindaban

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated July 26, 1972 and I have noted the contents carefully. You mention that Ananda Prabhu has left us, why he has left? I am very glad to hear that things are going alright in Vrindaban and that the students are happy there. One thing is, I am very engladdened to hear that you are planning the second annual Delhi pandal festival for sometimes in November. I think it will be the best plan to do as we did last year, that is, I shall go to Calcutta first for holding one pandal festival in the last part of October, then I shall come to Delhi for the Delhi pandal program. Is that all right? Better we hold our annual ceremony as near the Connaught Circus as possible, as we did last year. Do not try so much or work for the land which was so-called given to us by the Delhi Government. We have got so many other things to develop. So if you arrange everything very nicely for the pandal festival in November, I shall be very happy to come there as before.

Regarding the visa problem in Vrindaban, if you always remain very careful with the authorities there, then we shall have no problems in the future. But if there is even one incident or scandalous rumor, that may ruin everything. Another thing is, I do not know what is your final plan for the Vrindaban scheme, whether you have chosen Mr. Suri's plan, or whether Saurabha's plan. I understand from Ksirodakasayi that we must submit detailed plans to the municipal authorities in Vrindaban, so kindly arrange for that as quickly as possible so that we may get the permission. But first you should send me one copy of the final plan as selected by you.

I have heard that Kenneth Keating has returned to your country, so why not take opportunity for requesting him to help us? If you can find out his address. I have informed Bhavananda and Tamala Krsna Goswami that they must try to increase the distribution of prasadam program in Mayapur, otherwise, as you have told me, the authorities of your country may revoke their foodstuff donation.

Regarding Ksirodakasayi's statement that only Indian's have access to becoming pure devotees, I never said or supported such thing. That is not our philosophy. Lord Caitanya made the statement that anyone who knows Krsna science, he can become a pure devotee. So far Ksirodakasayi returning to Vrindaban, that has not yet been settled up. After I have discussed this matter thoroughly with Ksirodakasayi, I will let you know. But one thing is, why there should be disagreement between you? Our process is to work cooperatively, otherwise how the things will go on? And whether Acyutananda will stick there? If you and Acyutananda can manage, then there is no need of Ksirodakasayi coming there. The water with slightly iron taste is not bad, so you may construct the tank as before decided. One thing is, the 2 1/2% interest to be charged by the architect, Mr. Suri, that is too much. Why he should not donate his services? Sometimes in the past months you have told me that Mr. Suri would be donating his services. We shall not pay fees for such things. Now in Vrindaban the financial situation is being conducted nicely by Gargamuni Maharaja, but the work is not going on. In so many months, there is only one fence one small hut, and a well. So I think it will be to the advantage, on the whole, to invite our Tamala Krsna Goswami to come to Vrindaban and bring one of his qualified engineer friends from Calcutta to do the work in Vrindaban. He has got good experience, and he can organize everything and begin the work immediately. His visa was denied for Bangladesh, and he has trained up Yasodanandana Maharaja to lead this sankirtana party, so practically he is free to come to Vrindaban for some weeks to begin the work there. What do you think?

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
*n.b. Kindly deliver over to Gauracandra Goswami the sum of Rs. 751/. Only as settlement of all old due donation, and take receipt and send to me. ACBS.\\
n.b. The Delhi deities have arrived safely. Presently we are looking for a large temple in London to install them, and I shall remain in London until we have got something.
