---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gangadevi — August 11, 1972",
    "h1":"Gangadevi — August 11, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gangadevi — August 11, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gangadevi ======

Berlin

My dear Gangadevi,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 8, 1972, and I have noted the contents carefully. I was very happy to see both you and your good husband Vasudeva when I was in Paris, especially now that you have got such a nice child. Now you have got your child and your responsibility is to raise your child in Krsna consciousness. You and your husband are very sincere devotees, and your husband is a nice boy, and I like him very much, and he is doing the best service to Krsna and humanity by managing the Berlin center so nicely. So never mind there may be some inconvenience in family life for the time being. Your husband is doing the highest service. You may assist your husband very nicely by concentrating all your time and efforts in raising your child in full Krsna consciousness. That will require all of your attention, and in that way you will be giving your husband the best assistance. This spot life is merely a platform for us to make progress toward going back to home, back to Godhead, therefore we should not be too much concerned with family matters. We are never alone in Krsna consciousness; you have got so many wonderful brothers and sisters who are really your family, and besides that the spiritual master is always in his instructions, and Krsna is there within your heart, so you need not feel you are ever alone. Make Krsna your husband and always think of Him, raise your child up very nicely, chant without fail sixteen rounds of Hare Krsna mantra daily, read Srimad-Bhagavatam at least one hour daily, and in this way without any doubt you will very soon become very happy, and your life will be sublime.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda/yda
