---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna — August 3, 1972",
    "h1":"Gurudasa, Yamuna — August 3, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna — August 3, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa, Yamuna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gurudasa, Yamuna
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-08-03
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-03
To_letters       : Gurudasa, Yamuna
Date_letter      : August 3
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : London
----

Vrindaban

My dear Gurudasa and Yamuna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters dated July 30, 1972, along with letters from Satchidananda and Acyutananda, and I have noted the contents carefully. Do not be disturbed, now I understand everything. You and your husband live in Vrindaban permanently. I never took the accusations seriously because I did not believe it, therefore I enquired from you what is the situation. Now the matter is clear, so do not be disturbed.

Now your husband and wife develop the Vrindaban scheme. Long ago you wanted to go to Vrindaban, so I think you are perfectly meant to remain there and look after the things. But live carefully, it is India, we must live according to the time, place and circumstances, that is intelligence. On the whole, except with your husband, you should not mix with anyone very intimately, just like Indian ladies do.

So you may not be disturbed that Ksirodakasayi is coming back there, I shall ask him to remain here for developing London center. Today we are looking at a very nice place of 75 acres near London with Mr. George Harrison, who has found the place and wants to have our asrama there. He is coming to see me daily and he is a very nice boy and I like him very much. If we get this place, I shall make London my permanent world headquarters. Practically I am British by training, so I am also trying for dual Indian-British citizenship. I still remember that you both helped me very much by opening this London center, and it is the most important center in the world, so I am very much thankful always. Now go on and develop the Vrindaban centre with full enthusiasm and do not be discouraged by anything temporary setbacks but always work in the spirit of being completely dependent upon Krishna for everything. I shall be returning to India by October.

I shall remain in London through the month of August for holding Bhagavata Sapta discourses in various quarters of the city in Hindi and English languages. Temporarily, I have postponed the Nairobi program, so you may reply me here.

Hoping this will meet you both in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
