---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — August 29, 1972",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — August 29, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — August 29, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

Vrindaban

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 23, 1972, and I have noted the contents carefully. Do not be depressed. All along my godbrothers gave me only depression, repression, compression---but I continued strong in my duty. So never mind there is some discouragement, continue with your work in full enthusiastic Krishna Consciousness attitude of service. I have seen the letter of Syamasundara, and it is not meant to be critical, it is factual, but they want to make some solution by helping you only, that is the purport.

In your letter you do not acknowledge the plans of Saurabha which were sent to you from London some two weeks back. From the beginning I simply said that I wanted a temple built in Vrindaban just like Govindaji's temple, and there have been so many letters, but that has not been done. Never mind, now I like that plan of Saurabha's, so if you have received it? Anyway, I am sending one other plan drawn by Saurabha (enclosed), and that is also nice, so that may be used for presenting to the municipality if the previous plan was not received. I do not think the plan of Mr. Suri will be possible for us, it is too grand. Simply I want one temple like Govindaji's that's all.

Bhavananda is now in Bombay, and I have asked him to return to Calcutta by passing through Vrindaban, and he can help you get the thing started. Tamala Krishna is on tour and he shall be delayed for some time more.

I am very pleased to hear that my rooms have been repaired and painted so nicely, I am looking forward to coming there sometimes around middle of October, I shall let you know. Meanwhile, go on with your work and do not for one moment feel depressed because you are rendering the highest service to Krishna and He appreciates that, know it for certain.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. Your telegram re: Bharatapur temple on Kesi Ghat I don't exactly know the details. Then how can I offer price? Send me all details as well as what is their expectation? inc. site plan.\\
ACBS/sda
