---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhavananda — August 1, 1972",
    "h1":"Bhavananda — August 1, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhavananda — August 1, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhavananda ======

Calcutta

My dear Bhavananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated July 24, 1972 and I have noted the contents carefully. I am so much pleased that your Rathayatra procession was so nicely received by the citizens of Calcutta. This news has engladdened me beyond words. Now take advantage for raising funds for Mayapur. Therefore I wanted this Rathayatra festival. I am enclosing some photos of our Rathayatra procession in other places and you can distribute these photos to the newspapers in Calcutta. In one day we have captured the citizens of Calcutta, and I am so much pleased.

Yes, the Mullick family is one of the most important and aristocratic families in Calcutta. Practically once Calcutta was owned by the Mullicks, now the Marwaris are there. So you have done the perfect job of conducting the affairs in Calcutta and I am so much pleased upon you, may Krishna give you His all blessings. I had not written to you previously due to my extensive travelling program since the beginning of June. But I have written you one letter dated July 14, 1972, did you receive that letter?

One thing is, I have just now heard from Gurudasa that the American Government agency which is providing us the foodstuffs for Mayapur is prepared to give us much, much more provided we fully utilize what they have already given. And I am informed by Gurudasa that the distribution program in Mayapur is not very widespread. Why you have neglected this very important program? I want that you shall distribute prasadam at least to hundreds of persons daily, and advertise very widely all over Nadia Province for people to come there and take prasadam daily without charge. Otherwise the whole thing is a farce. We have worked so hard for so long to get this foodstuff donated by your government and now we are neglecting? And if you expand this program to their satisfaction, they will give so much more of different varieties of foodstuffs and we can expand this program widely throughout India and become very much popular with the people as a whole. So try to expand this program as much as possible at Mayapur and let me know.

Another thing is, I have received one letter from Tamala Krsna Goswami that his visa for Bangladesh is now postponed, therefore I would request him to take one qualified engineer friend from Calcutta, there are so many engineers we have interviewed who will work for us without charge, so he shall bring one engineer to Vrindaban to assist Gurudasa in construction of the house there. At least he can remain in Vrindaban for a few weeks to get the thing off on a solid basis. They have been there many months now and only one fence is there, one small hut, and one tube well. Otherwise, simply politics. But I am very much certain that Tamala Krsna has got the right idea for doing things, so he can go there immediately and begin the real construction work with the assistance of one qualified engineer who will live with us on the same basis as we are doing things at Mayapur.

We have seen your note regarding Sarasvati Maharaja, and you may engage one Sanskrit teacher for Sarasvati so she shall become a very great scholar, just like Jiva Goswami was trained in Sanskrit language from early childhood and no one could surpass him in all of India.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
n.b. I am coming to India sometime in the month of October and I want to again hold Bhagavata Dharma Discourses and Hare Krishna Festival in Calcutta Maidan, I think by the last part of October. So you can begin preparing for that, and I shall be very glad to come there for speaking.
