~~Title: Letter to: Bhavananda — August 28, 1972~~
~~bc: Bhavananda — August 28, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Bhavananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhavananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-08-28
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-28
To_letters       : Bhavananda
Date_letter      : August 28
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Center : Los Angeles ISKCON

My dear Bhavananda, 

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 22, 1972, and I have noted the contents with great satisfaction. I am very sorry to learn that you had to suffer a prolonged fever of 105 degrees for a considerable time, and Krishna has saved you because you have to work for Him. I wish therefore all of you have a prolonged life to serve Krishna. All you young boys and girls are serving the cause of Krishna, so certainly Krishna will take care of you in all respects. Go on serving Him seriously and sincerely.

My Vrindaban programme is to stay there during Urja Vrata which begins from 19th October, and stay for one month. So avoiding this time you can make other arrangements as you think fit.

I have received Jayapataka’s letter and noted the contents carefully. My special blessings for Palika and Kausaliya Prabhus who are doing so much for our Lord and they must be specifically blessed to go back home, back to Godhead without any delay for waiting for the next life. Thank them very much on my behalf. I am so pleased to hear that you are chanting a minimum of 25 rounds daily. It is a good example as the president to be followed by others. If we like everyone of us can chant 25 rounds, it is not difficult, but because we are sometimes busy, minimum 16 rounds must be chanted. Kindly see that this principle is strictly observed by your subordinates in the temple.

I am very glad to see that Gargamuni is there in Mayapur temple. He may sit down there and not do anything but chant Hare Krishna Mantra. Don’t bother him for any work. But without work we become sometimes prone to be sleepy, that should be avoided.

By the time, this letter reaches you Tamal Krishna Goswami might have returned, so you can all consult together and make the programme diligently. I shall be in New Vrndavan from 30th August until 6th September, then I shall return here, so you may reply both places by copy.

While returning to Calcutta, if you will kindly stop and get down at Mathura for helping Gurudas in Vrndaban ? He is not so expert in beginning the building work, and that I want. I wanted simply one temple exactly like the Govindaji’s temple, nothing so elaborate, but that has not been done. As you have suggested to Shyamsundar to go there for assisting Gurudas, you can get down there for some time while returning to Calcutta. I believe there is 8-down train from Mathura to Calcutta, when you wish to return. You can help Gurudas submit the plan of Saurabha to the municipality and take immediate sanction, and if you can bring one engineer there or inform Tamal Krishna to bring one engineer there for starting the work. I think there is already supply of bricks, sand, and other things, and Gargamuni has made good collection, so everything is there, now you all big leaders work cooperatively to build up this Vrndaban temple very nicely, as you have done it in Mayapur, and I shall be very much pleased to see the progress when I am coming there by middle October.

I hope by the time this letter reaches you that you have arrived in Bombay. This day I received a telegram from Giriraj reading as follow :

Obeisances Conveyance Impossible Without Mortgage Srimatiben Arranging Mortgage 1st Must Pay Off Rathnapark Will Cable Success Giriraj

It is understood that Mrs. Srimatiben is arranging for mortgage in the bank, but even the bank negotiation is not successful still according to purchase agreement the property will be mortgaged to the proprietor Mrs. Nair. The registration duty money, Rs. 70,000 as well as mortgage stamp duty Rs.18,000 plus other expenses, Rs. 29,000. This is already there so why they should be any delay for executing the conveyance? This conveyance should be made immediately regardless of whoever is taking the mortgage; it cannot be delayed. Please see to this immediately and give full report as soon as possible.

Hope this meets you in good health ,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sd
