---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 30, 1972",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — September 30, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 30, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

Vrndavana

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I have received your letter dated September 23, 1972, jointly signed by yourself, Subala Swami, Gurudasa and Bhavananda, and I am very happy to hear especially that the work is going on in Vrndavana and that you will soon begin to dig the foundation for our Vrndavana temple. I have just recently sent you one letter regarding the Bombay situation. The Bombay sales purchase agreement draft was made by you. At that time, because Madhudvisa Maharaja denied to take charge, and you also did not like to take charge, therefore I had to postpone the signing of the sales purchase agreement. In Africa Brahmananda and Cyavana encouraged me that I would take up the Bombay project and they would help me. So upon return immediately I signed the purchase contract. Now Mr. Nair is not making the conveyance complete and I do not know why our lawyer, Mr. Deewanjee is also silent. About a fortnight ago both of them were sent telegram asking why the matter is being delayed, but I received no reply from either of them. So you have been informed already by copies of letters the situation in Bombay. The summary of the Bombay situation is this: Nair says he has to pay 5 lacs of rupees to the government as a tax. This 5 lacs of rupees he is unwilling to pay from his pocket, so Giriraja, with the help of Sumati Morarji-Ben, is trying to take loan of 5 lacs from the bank, but it is not yet completed. A copy of Giriraja's letter is already sent to you and I have requested you to go there along with Bhavananda if possible or you go alone and save the situation. If money is required from here it can be arranged in the same way as with Mayapur. But it is better to arrange for the money locally through the bank, as Sumati Morarji-Ben has promised. If money is not available in that way, then arrange money from Mr. Jayan and we shall arrange for the necessary action as it is done. But in any case we must not deviate from the terms of the purchase agreement. But as a matter of concession we can pay further 5 lacs of rupees, to be deducted from the total price of 14 lacs. We have already paid 2 lacs, and if we pay further 5 lacs, taking loan from others, then it is to be understood that we have paid 7 lacs on the total, and the further 7 lacs will be paid, either taking loan from the bank, failing which, in terms of the original purchase agreement as already devised there, we shall take the remaining 7 lacs as mortgage from Mr. Nair.

All of this appears to be very complicated, and Giriraja is finding difficulty, from his letter I can understand. So I think you have to revive your position as GBC again and look after all the business of India affairs nicely. May Krsna bless you with all good sense. Your program submitted by you all jointly is tentatively accepted by me. Our meeting time in New Delhi will be informed very soon by letter and telegram both.

Regarding the Bharatapur house, try to convince the present king that everything will be in his name, that is, we shall name it ISKCON Bharatapur Temple or ISKCON Bharatapur House and we shall fix up a marble plaque in the front. For renovating we shall spend for all the three or four houses and they will be used for the same purpose, as a Radha-Krsna Temple and for accommodating foreign visitors and devotees. This movement is so great and ISKCON is propagating Krsna Consciousness all over the world, so why not Bharatapur Maharaja donate the building for this great purpose? They have lost their kingdom but still they have these buildings, so if they are given in our hand it will perpetually commemorate their nice gift to the ISKCON institution and thus to the world. We are purchasing a very palatial building in London and the Maharaja will be welcome to stay there as long as he wishes, or in any one of our places, especially in New York, Los Angeles, Dallas, London, Bombay, etc. In this way try to induce him.

Hoping this meets you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
n.b. Enclosed please find the copy of my letter to that Swami in Haridwar, who has invited our party in April. Kindly contact him and make all arrangements. His address is Sri Swami Mahesawardev Shastri Gopala Dham, Jessa Ram Road, Haridwar (U.P.), phone 114.\\
A.C. B.S.
