---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — September 7, 1972",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — September 7, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — September 7, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Madhudvisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhudvisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-09-07
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-07
To_letters       : Madhudvisa
Date_letter      : September 7
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Madhudvisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters and Vyasa Puja offerings dated August 26, 1972. Your presentation of Vyasa Puja offering stands first. You are eligible for the first prize. Although it is imagination, still it is so nicely descriptive and systematic, that it proves how much you have perfect knowledge in other fields of activities, namely political, social, and economical. Thank you very much. Your ideas are not exactly imagination. It is factual, because the leaders of the society should have taken Krishna Consciousness in such serious attitude as described by you. The president of the United States, the Queen of England, the Communist leaders, all business magnates, all should have taken this movement seriously for the upliftment of human society, but because most of them are miscreants, rascals, lowest of the mankind, and lost of all real knowledge, they are still unaware of the importance of the Krishna Consciousness Movement. Indeed, however, it is our duty to enlighten them in different ways through our Sankirtana movement, so that one day may come very soon that they may be enlightened and take this movement with all seriousness and do the best thing for humankind.

I thank you for two checks, one for $111.00 and one for $5.00. I am so glad that things in Australia are settled up, and I am confident that Mohanananda is a good boy although for the time being he is little disturbed, but if a good devotee like yourself can entreat him on my behalf, certainly he will come back and join the movement with fresh enthusiasm. I am so glad to learn that your Sankirtana movement is going on nicely. In this part of the world also, we have got several buses which are going all over your country and doing nicely. Yesterday I have seen one Sankirtana bus presented by Rupanuga Maharaja, complete with kitchen, shower, and deity room. It is completely self-sufficient and can keep 8 to 10 men. Their program is to remain on the road going from town to town and village to village. Lord Caitanya wanted this business, so by the parampara system through my Guru Maharaja and my humble self, the matter is handed over to you. Now it is up to you American boys and girls to do the needful.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
