---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yadubara — November 11, 1972",
    "h1":"Yadubara — November 11, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Yadubara — November 11, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Yadubara ======

Bombay

My dear Yadubara,

Please accept my blessings. Thank you very much for your letter dated October 30, 1972, and I am very much pleased to hear that things are going nicely in Bombay, so far the printing of books is concerned. Now the problem is half solved. Now you are printing books, and you have got many books from America, but how shall we distribute them, that is the point? Harikesa has told me that no one is there who can distribute, and there is no scheme for distributing, so why we shall attempt printing and importing so many books if there is no distributing? What is your plan in this connection? I have also received report that there is some difficulty for maintaining the devotees peacefully, so that they may not fall sick and lose hope. So if there is shortage of money for maintenance, I have no objection if you divert some of the money from advertisements collection to improve the sanitary and health conditions. But most essential thing is, if you improve the preaching programme, automatically everything else will improve, Krishna will give you all facilities. So I think there is plan to have each night one outside engagement for preaching and holding kirtana. That is very good proposal. But do not neglect also our own programme at Juhu. That should be improved progressively, not decreased. Now only a few men come. But when I was there thousands were coming daily. Why the standard has fallen down? If you become lazy in your spiritual life, everything else will deteriorate. We are not interested in big, big buildings, no. That was not my plan for Juhu. I simply want to engage everyone in the service of Krishna, that's all. And that means preaching. So if the preaching work has stopped, what can I do? In that case you must expect there will be so many troubles. So try to improve your preaching work, distribute all the books, and print more, and in this way, Krishna is the husband of the Goddess of Fortune, you will get as much money and as many big buildings as you need for spreading Krishna Consciousness movement, without any doubt.

Hoping this will meet you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda

