~~Title: Letter to: Sudama — December 23, 1972~~
~~bc: Sudama — December 23, 1972~~

====== Letter to: Sudama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sudama
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-12-23
showdate_hidden  : 2020-12-23
To_letters       : Sudama
Date_letter      : December 23
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

New York

My dear Sudama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters dated November 27 and 28, 1972, and I have noted the contents with care. I am very, very happy to hear from you all the good news about New York centre. Yes, from the very beginning I went to New York because I thought that Krishna Consciousness is the most important idea in the world, so let me go to that place, New York, which is the most important city in the world, and if I am able to do anything for Krishna and my Spiritual Master, even I am at the fag-end of my life, at least let me try for it there. So my dreams have all come true, and all of you nice boys and girls are getting the credit. When I was alone in your New York, I was thinking, who will listen to me in this horrible, sinful place? All right, I shall stay little longer, at least I can distribute a few of my books, that is something. But Krishna was all along preparing something I could not see, and He brought you to me one by one, sincere American boys and girls, to be trained-up for doing the work of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu. Now I can see that it is a miracle. Otherwise, your city of New York, one single old man, with only a few books to sell for barely getting eatables, how he can survive, what to speak of introducing God-consciousness movement for saving the humankind? That is Krishna's miracle. Now I can see it.

So I am very much pleased upon you for your kindly guiding and training the new devotees in so many ways. Yes, if you simply instruct them as I have taught also you, being yourself always the perfect example and above suspicion, that will act with great force. I am doing that. And I wanted to make some sannyasis to do what I am doing, and if you keep the standard, always chanting Hare Krishna, then it will go on continuously without impediment. That is your duty as sannyasa, to keep yourself always above suspicion in Krishna Consciousness programme, and to teach others to become like you, that's all. That is our perfect programme. And you have pointed out that you want to train others to be leaders, because you have observed there is at present not very many qualified leaders. That is good proposal. Find out some intelligent men from schools, colleges, and being always very tolerant try to convince them gradually to utilize their intelligence and education in the service of Krishna. And if you simply keep to our standard programme---don't try to invent anything "Road Show" or "Yoga Village"---that means chanting daily 16 rounds, rising early, attending mangal arati, like that, if this programme is strictly maintained amongst all the devotees, they will remain pure, and if preaching is pure, automatically leaders, managers, funds, everything will be given profusely by Krishna, without any doubt.

Upon your recommendation, I have accepted the six new students as my disciples, duly initiated, and their letter and beads are enclosed herewith, along with sacred threads (four) and copies of gayatri mantra (five). Now hold the fire yagna and give gayatri mantra to Apurna, Gariyan, Mangalananda, Sudhanu, and Manjari dasi. Teach them to count on the finger divisions, and play for them the tape of me reciting gayatri mantra into their right ear. The fire yagna can be held for all eleven devotees.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
