---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhavananda — December 29, 1972",
    "h1":"Bhavananda — December 29, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhavananda — December 29, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhavananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhavananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1972-12-29
showdate_hidden  : 2023-12-29
To_letters       : Bhavananda
Date_letter      : December 29
Year_letter      : 1972
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Calcutta

My dear Bhavananda,

Please accept my blessings. Tamala Krishna has informed me that you are inviting me to come there to Calcutta immediately after the Bombay Cross Maidan Pandal program is finished, so I shall come there as you desire. So you may kindly arrange the airplane tickets for four persons, namely myself and three secretaries, and we shall come there on 23rd morning of January 1973, provided that you mail us the tickets at your earliest. I want to stay until 1st February and then fly from Calcutta to Djakarta and Australia and other places, as Madhudvisa has invited me to come there during February month. So I shall be in Calcutta for nine days, that means I want to speak at nine different programs in various parts of Calcutta city. So you try to arrange some big big speaking programs in various places of the city, all of them being well-advertised and attended by respectable and sober men. Of course, we can talk to any class of men, but I want to speak especially to large numbers of the higher-class or respectable and sober class of men of Calcutta. I will speak in Bengali, Hindi, or English, whatever language is required. So you may arrange the programs immediately in the various places, such as the Bar Association, the Chamber of Commerce, the Stock Exchange, the Royal Asiatic Society, University Institute, Ramakrishna Cultural Institute, YMCA, Govinda Bhavan, Madan Mohan's Temple, Gaudiya Math, Jalan's Ramchandra Temple, like that. Or if there is any Mohammedan or Christian association, we are universal spiritual culture, we can speak to these people also. Or in the Bora Bazar, there is the Marwari Association, or in Bagh Bazar there is Navavrindaban. Also, there is some cultural institution of Birla in Ballyganj and other places. Or there are many halls like the Royal Theater, and other theatres, many temples also, there is the Royal Exchange, like that. So I am prepared to speak every night for nine nights while I am at Calcutta. Make big propaganda and let me inform the respectable men of my birthplace city what we are doing all over the world on behalf of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu, and let us see if they will respond for helping us push on this Krsna Consciousness movement more and more.

I have heard one rumor from Gargamuni that Kanupriya and Hayagriva are smoking ganja. In that case, Hayagriva should be asked to leave for U.S.A. immediately to sit down in New Vrndavana and do what he likes. But he is big leader, and if it is common knowledge that he is using such intoxicants, the others will follow his example and there will be havoc throughout the society. That would be a catastrophe. Therefore I am enclosing one letter to Hayagriva and I am ordering him to return to New Vrndavana immediately and not to become misled himself and thus mislead everyone else. As for Kanupriya, if he returns to the U.S.A. he will not stop this nasty habit and it will be worse if he goes there than if he remains in India with his family. So he may remain wherever he likes in India, but he must live separately from the devotees, and if he continues this thing he may be requested not to associate with any of our devotees further.

Hoping this meets you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
