---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — December 10, 1972",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — December 10, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — December 10, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

Heidelberg

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated November 8, 1972, and the paper sample enclosed by you is very nice for Bhagavad-gita in German language. I shall be very glad indeed to see that book printed by you, and that will be your greatest credit. You may send the copy with plastic cover and I shall see how it is put out. I can understand that your preaching work there is going on nicely just to the standard, because now you have got so many devotees and you are distributing so many of our books and magazines. That is very, very pleasing for me to hear. But now I think it must be very cold there. Even I was there in summer, still I had to go to England---it was so much cold in Hamburg. But never mind there is any discomfort of the body. We shall not be very much concerned for that. Devotee means he is able to tolerate all kinds of discomfort and whims of the material nature, and because he is so much absorbed in serving Krishna, he takes no time to become angry or take offense with others or find out some fault, no. Devotee means very liberal and kind to everyone, always gentleman under all kinds of conditions of life. So now you have practically become inseparable from Germany temples, and you have introduced this strict brahminical standard in those countries and it is coming out successful. So I am always appreciating you and your good wife, Himavati, for your kindly helping me in this way. May Krishna shower you with His all blessings.

Regarding the new initiates, I am sending their letter along with beads duly chanted by me under separate posting. So far the Hindi typewriter is concerned, keep it with you for the time being and we shall see later, I will let you know.

Hoping this will meet you both in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
