~~Title: Letter to: Cyavana — January 9, 1973~~
~~bc: Cyavana — January 9, 1973~~

====== Letter to: Cyavana ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Cyavana
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-01-09
showdate_hidden  : 2021-01-09
To_letters       : Cyavana
Date_letter      : January 9
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Nairobi

My dear Cyavana,

Please accept my blessings. Your letter dated January 3, 1973, is in hand and I have noted the contents with much encouragement. Your plan for rotating the chief man at Nairobi Center is nice, provided the sense of authority and continuity is not weakened by so much switching of head men. As long as you are recognized to be the leader of Nairobi Center with full authority in all matters, that is the point. This constantly changing the head man and whimsically dividing the attention is not good. Someone must be there who will stick tightly to the temple and develop it gradually to the highest standard.

So far getting new place, that Sarat Building is nice but we have already purchased our other building for Shs. 200,000. But if we can sell that place to buy the Sarat Building, then it is all right. Whatever is agreed upon between yourself and Brahmananda, I have no objection. Your program for mass wholesale distribution of our propaganda, especially books, throughout Africa, is very much appreciated by me. That is the highest type of activity of human form of life, to distribute Krsna's message profusely as far as it is possible for me to do.

So far Harikrpa marrying that African girl, although the father has told you he has no objection, still, there must be something in writing. And if Brahmananda also agrees, then you may perform the ceremony nicely in our temple.

The term for G. N. Shah's loan is two years, so how he can expect us to pay within one year? This business with Mr. Shah and Damji Devji has been dragging on for years together, now you settle it yourself the best you are able, I do not like to be consulted continuously about the same thing. But he has given the loan for two years, is that in written agreement? If there is written agreement, then how he can expect? At any rate, try to pacify him by paying him something gradually each month, and in that way you must fulfill the terms of your original agreement, by paying him off in two years time.

Regarding the daughters of Sarna, they must be engaged in some service. They may chant, read books, make life members by visiting the ladies of Nairobi, like that, but some service must be there, otherwise sex will come out. Two things are there, Krsna and maya. This sex idea is maya, therefore there must be Krsna's service or there will be another scandal as before. It is nice the girls are coming to the temple, but unless you engage them in some way of serving Krsna, there will be again trouble.

Hoping this meets you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
N.B. Your letter dated January 4, 1973, is just now received by me. Yes, we shall be happy to come that side while leaving India sometimes I think in April, and when we come there we shall install the Deities, after consulting with Brahmananda whether you will be able to maintain them properly. You may request Brahmananda to send me his opinion in the matter also. But I think we can install if you both agree. So I am sending Rsi Kumar, Yasodanandana Swami and Gurukrpa Swami from Bombay to Nairobi very soon, they shall reach there by ship, and they will remain with you for the month of February to help you prepare everything and enhance the preaching work amongst the Africans population. By March they may be freed for going to South Africa to arrange things there for my coming there also, after I leave Nairobi. You all big leaders make these arrangements however you think best, by your mutual consultation. But one thing is, you should send the three plane fare-tickets from India, I think we shall be at Delhi at that time, to Nairobi, and then from Nairobi to Johannesburg and other places, for three men including myself. Rsi Kumar has told me they would pay for some portion of the tickets in South Africa. Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
