~~Title: Letter to: Jagadisa — January 5, 1973~~
~~bc: Jagadisa — January 5, 1973~~

====== Letter to: Jagadisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jagadisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-01-05
showdate_hidden  : 2021-01-05
To_letters       : Jagadisa
Date_letter      : January 5
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Toronto

My dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated December 14 and 27, 1972, and I have noted the contents carefully. I am especially happy to hear from you about the huge distribution of books in the Canada Zone. That is the most auspicious sign. You are making good progress, that I can understand. As soon as I see that there is such increased book distribution figures, I take that to mean that all other programs are successful as well. I am especially encouraged to note that you have sold 268 of our Bhagavad-gita As It Is in only three weeks' time. That is very very satisfying to me.

Regarding your other points, if there is need for stronger president in Montreal, I have no objection if Sripati leaves that place. Main thing is to have always one strong leader at each temple who can maintain the preaching standard to the highest degree. In this way, if our standard program is maintained just to the standard, automatically there will be enthusiasm and increase of preaching results. But Syamasundara has informed me that Sriman Sripati das is English citizen, so if he will like to return for assisting in his home country? They are mostly young boys in London, and they are opening so many new centers in other places of England, Scotland and Ireland, so if he is not required there, or if he likes, he may go there to help train up the young English boys. That is very much required. That seems better service for him than becoming cook only. At least in England he has got opportunity for active preaching and he may utilize his experience to manage things in some capacity.

I am so much pleased to hear that your Toronto center has become too much crowded. That is a very good sign. Yes, if Krsna Consciousness is there, Krsna means that He is eternally increasing, so I can understand that Radha Gopinatha have very much appreciated their new home at Toronto. Your temple is at present too small for so many devotees, so if there are extra men they can be sent out for opening new centers and for travelling sankirtana parties. New men can be trained up in your Toronto center. When Krsna sees that you are very serious and sincere to serve Him only, you need not have to worry to get a new place, He will help you in that way.

Upon your recommendation, I am very happy to accept the two devotees for second initiation. Now you may hold a fire yajna and give Gayatri mantra to Adyodyapati and Madhuhara. Teach them to chant on the finger divisions and play for them the tape of me reciting Gayatri mantra into the right ear. The fire yajna should be held in the company of devotees only, so long it is restricted to Gayatri mantra initiation only. Two sacred threads, duly chanted by me, along with two copies of Gayatri mantra, are enclosed herewith.

So far the concert of Indian musicians and dancers for raising funds for the new temple, yes you may do that, I have no objection. But the concert should be their own concert, not that we are holding our program and they are appearing on the same program, either as our guests or as our co-performers. No, we shall not appear to the public like performers, we are not performers or musicians or dancers. But if the concert is held as a benefit concert, just like in Bombay we have held one benefit concert, of the Zaveri Sisters, Manipuri Dancing Group and nearly Rs. 100,000 was raised for our Juhu scheme. That will be the proper arrangement. So if you hold the concert in the auditorium and advertise these singers and dancers, that it will be __their__ program, and also that it will be a "Hare Krsna Benefit Show" or something like that, that will be best. Of course, we may also appear and perform kirtana at the opening of the concert, and we will sell our books there, and if there is some opportunity to give also short lecture, that will be nice. But if you do all these other performances of aratrika, a drama, like that, perhaps it will appear like it is our program and not the program of the musicians. If there is confusion, if the public is thinking that we are something show or commercial performers, that will not be proper idea. But if the musicians and dancers want to give one concert and donate the proceeds to us, we shall gladly thank them.

Yes, that is correct, the deities should never be bathed with water or something like that. Always bathe them with the mantra process. Of course the big deities should be bathed daily! Should not the Supreme Personality of Godhead, if He is recommending to us as brahmanas to bathe so many times, should he not also take bath? There is no objection either to applying the jewels to Their bodies with beeswax or to swinging them in the public functions in the temple on Sunday, so long there is very nice jhulan or swing being profusely decorated. Radha and Krsna may be swung in this way, but you may avoid swinging Lord Jagannatha like that. Yes, that will be very nice if your men go to South America for opening some new centers. They may write to me in that connection.

Hoping this meets you in the best of health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
