---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — July 20, 1973",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — July 20, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — July 20, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

Bombay

Dear Tamala Krsna Maharaja:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 15 July, 1973 and I have carefully examined the contents.

Yes, I am prepared to pay the entire amount for purchase of the land at Juhu. But Mrs. Nair cannot increase the price. If she wants to increase then we will demand she return the 5 lacs rupees, plus interest and damages. So she has already got something like 2 lacs, so as soon as the conveyance is made and taken to the register, we will immediately pay cash, about 12 lacs rupees.

You ask that I arrange to have 9 lacs of rupees ready from America for this purchase, but so far you have already paid 2 lacs, 3 lacs are in the bank---so if we have to raise 9 lacs from outside India then my question is what are you collecting there? Anyway, collect as much as possible and I will fill the balance. Rest assured, that if required, we can even draw the money from the U.S.

Now you have taken a loan of Rs 1,50,000 from the BBT, so with these excellent collections you are now taking I request you to fill up that debt and then collect further, and the balance I shall arrange. I have read how you have dispersed your recent collections to repay BBT, and Vrindaban construction and it is all right. Please deal cautiously and do not spend unnecessarily.

I am glad to hear that you have various plans for publications, but first finish this affair and then you can attempt to publish many books.

I have read your report on Hyderabad and the present state of affairs there, and it is all right. Regarding Delhi, Madhavananda has also gone there and I have written to him how he can be engaged collecting with Tejyas at the government offices.

Yes, your plan for people paying for a guest room at Vrindaban is very nice. The idea is they pay the price of the room and they may come there for their lifetime duration. This practice is called __bhetnama,__ where a room is reserved for a donor for a lifetime. You will be able to secure much money in that way as many gentlemen will want to come to Vrindaban. So arrange to accommodate them in the new temple. You should also arrange for that in Mayapur building.

Yes, Mayapur construction must be completely finished before I return. The next time I come there must be no more workers or carpenters with their "tack-tack" sound. I would have continued to stay in Mayapur but the hammering sounds drove me away. When you are completely finished I will go there, otherwise not. You will be glad to hear that I am eating and working nicely here. The village is neat and clean and I am walking daily in the morning with the devotees and taking the class from 7-8 A.M. It is calm and quiet here and people are coming to talk with me in the evenings. George came to meet with me and he is very enthusiastic to cooperate. Rathayatra was very successful here, as 10,000 people attended and prasadam was distributed. See enclosed newspaper.

There will not be a GBC meeting in Janmastami, New Vrindaban. The important thing now for GBC members is that they go on working. It is not important to hold a meeting for passing resolutions etc. The best time and place is Mayapur on Lord Caitanya's Appearance Day. That is not only the best for me but for everyone. Mayapur is meant for that. If possible all devotees from all our centers should go for 8 days at that time. There is no need for the Janmastami meeting. Go on working and send me regular reports. Besides, I will not be going to New Vrindaban for Janmastami. They are having a deity installation here in London and they are making huge arrangements for many important men to attend this ceremony.

Hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Enclosure: news clippings\\
ACBS/sdg
