---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 8, 1973",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — August 8, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 8, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-08-08
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-08
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : August 8
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Bhaktivedanta Manor
----

Bombay

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 2, August 1973 and I have noted the contents very carefully.

Yes! Hrsikesananda Maharaja may collect money for Vrindaban, that will be nice. But I notice that you are to collect one Lakh only, how is that? You are GBC so you should collect more than the others, you should collect the highest amount. One thing is that the Hyderabad scheme is hazy, so that collection may be spent for Vrindaban. See the correspondence with Mahamsa above. Yes! your idea to install Krishna Balarama first is all right. It would be nice if all the deities can be installed at the same time, but if it is not possible then installation of Krishna and Balarama is all right.

I am very pleased to note that in Delhi they are doing the life membership programme. Previously I suggested this to Madhavananda and now he is doing it, that's nice. I also was meeting big Government officials and distributing my Back To Godhead in that way, at that time there were no books.

I have already written to you in my letter dated July 20th 1973 that I will dispatch the 9 Lakhs if negotiations are fruitful. (See enclosed letter). You show three Lakhs and I shall show 9 Lakhs.

Yes! I have received the Bank statements from C. B.I. I shall talk of this thing later.

Out of the 150,000 Rs/. you have repayed only 27,000 Rs/. you have to complete this immediately so 3 lakhs will be shown from Gowalia Tank Branch and 9 Lakhs from C. B.I. Head office, so whatever money you collect use it to fill up this blank. You fill up the 50,000 Rs/. and I shall show the balance of 9 lakhs in the C. B.I. Head office.

So pay immediately another 30,000 Rs/. and free the second 50,000 Rs/.

The collections from your part meant for Vrindaban may be sent later because the construction is going on there. First of all fill up if you are serious about negotiations.

I have met Mr. Therany in Zurich and he is a nice gentleman, he will pay as promised, so keep him satisfied.

Observe many festivals, that will keep both public and devotees alive. Temple means festivals and Festivals means chanting and distribution of Prasadam.

Regarding Hyderabad, I have got the draft and letter and the reply is sent to Mahamsa and you. If you have got a copy then you ask Mr. Vakil that the clause No. 5 shall be omitted. You cannot go to Hyderabad unless approved by me, you will understand everything from the enclosed letter. But I am happy to know that the preaching is going on. Above all our preaching must go on. If we do not get that land then we may purchase some other land, that is not a very difficult thing, but preaching is our real business.

If Mrs. Nair's solicitors are serious then we can show bank reference by the 25th August 1973.

Gargamuni told me that he collected 50,000 Rs/. of which the major portion was spent to pay for bills that Madhavananda left unpaid. If this is a fact then it is most dangerous. Let me know. Gargamuni is sending you reports, but have you not received this report?

I hope this letter meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

enclosure\\
ACBS:hda
