---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 23, 1973",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — August 23, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — August 23, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

Bombay

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 16th August 1973. So the Hyderabad situation should be cautiously dealt with and Mr. Pittie should be consulted. When the final agreement is made send me a copy and if I approve then I shall send you the power of attorney.

Herewith please find fixed deposit certificate xerox copy for 143,727.78 which is equal to 10 Lakhs Rs/., now deposited with First National City Bank in the name of ISKCON on the 20th August 1973. So you can utilize this xerox certificate that we have money. I will send you further certificate of deposit in the bank for 161,000.00 equivalent to 12 Lakhs Rs/. So I think Mr. Vakhil will be convinced about our financial position and we have got 50 branches in the U.S. alone, so if required we can raise immediately 50 Lakhs Rs/. but we do not wish to block the money unnecessarily especially in India. So at any moment 12 Lakhs Rs/. can be paid to Mrs. Nair without any difficulty.

From here I have got my program in Europe up to 15th September. I have got my program in Stockholm also 5th to 9th September. So most probably I shall go to Japan on the 15th September directly from London. If in the meantime the Nair affair is fixed up then I shall carry the money with me and go to Japan via India. Find herewith 2 xerox copies about our financial position, you can do the needful.

I hope this letter meets you well.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. I have received one complaint from Indian devotee at Mayapur Prabharupa Das Brahmacari that he is mal treated by our American devotees. Kindly inquire into this matter and do the needful. Either Indian or foreign whoever joins us they are not under any obligation, our only tie is Love of Godhead. It should be our definite policy that nobody is ill treated that he may go away. We recruit a person to join us after spending gallons of blood. Everyone comes for reformation, you cannot expect everyone to be perfect, rather it is our duty to make everyone perfect as far as possible. So we shall be very much cautious and careful in this connection.
