~~Title: Letter to: Karandhara — September 27, 1973~~
~~bc: Karandhara — September 27, 1973~~

====== Letter to: Karandhara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Karandhara
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-09-27
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-27
To_letters       : Karandhara
Date_letter      : September 27
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Los Angeles

My dear Karandhara Das:

Please accept my blessings. . I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated September 12, 1973 and am so glad to learn that you have again ordered to Dai Nippon Printing Co., for so many books This engladdens me when I see our literature very widely distributed. This was the subject matter of my Guru Maharaja's satisfaction. He liked to distribute books more than constructing temples. He personally advised me to print books if I have got some money. So by His mercy we are printing books and constructing temples, as well. Although in the beginning we had no such opportunity, but still I brought some books from India, and that was the foundation stone of our Krsna consciousness movement. So I want all our centers should give very much importance in the matter of book distribution. .

I am also very much pleased to learn that now in San Diego there is Radha Krsna Deity and They are being worshiped very nicely. Here the land negotiation and compromise with Mrs. Nair is almost complete. We have to pay immediately 14 lakhs 50 thousand, plus stamp duty, etc., so nearly about 16 lakhs. The major portion of this amount is being contributed by Bali Mardan. . Still we have to arrange for transferring 20 Krsna Books. . That you have to arrange and on hearing from you I shall advise you. .

Herewith please find a check for Dollars 111.11 which please deposit in my investment a/c. So far my going back to L.A. is concerned, it was my plan to go there by October 10, but I don't think the negotiations with Mrs. Nair will be completed before October 27, therefore I want to go back to Los Angeles after completing this transaction.

I approve your proposal for converting Spiritual Sky Incense Co. into a trust, and the trustees as proposed by you are approved by me. Encourage all the GBC members to manage everything very perfectly. We are very much assured that the GBC members are improving gradually, and in the future they will be able to manage world preaching of the Krsna consciousness movement without difficulty.

After finishing these Bombay affairs I am thinking not to increase any more branches for the time being. Whatever branches we have already opened let them be managed perfectly. You will be glad to know that Hyderabad land has been donated as gift and I am signing the agreement today.

Another thing is that in India we are not getting expected cooperation from the intelligent younger section. Their brain is now obsessed with economic development. The government is encouraging to eat meat and drink. Big, big shops are now opened in every city for selling mutton, beef, and wine. . But the mission of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu is now transferred from the Indian hands to the hands of the Americans and Europeans. I think for management of our Indian branches we shall require more men from the Western countries. Formally Western people used to come to India to teach them how to develop industries, railway and other modern activities in politics, sociology and even in religion by spreading Christianity. Now the Western people have to take the leadership of spreading Vedic culture all over the world. I have given the initiation, but the rest of the work will depend on you young men and women of America. Kindly organize things in that spirit and be blessed by Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu and through Him by Lord Krsna.

Herewith also find a letter to the devotees of Los Angeles who have deposited a sum of Dollars 256.53 in my checking a/c.

You have not written anything about Hawaii affairs. I am anxious to know what is the position.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs\\
Enc: 2
