---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hanuman — October 4, 1973",
    "h1":"Hanuman — October 4, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Hanuman — October 4, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hanuman ======

My dear Hanuman Goswami,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated 6th September, 1973, which I have read with great interest. The Argentina BTG and the photos showing Argentine men and ladies chanting and dancing in ecstasy give me great hope that our Movement will have an important place in Argentina in the near future. Our process is simple, all-embracing, we have something to offer for everyone. There is chanting, dancing, feasting and very perfect philosophy, so everyone may be satisfied with our Krishna Consciousness Movement. Now you have traveled all over the world preaching on Lord Caitanya's behalf, and I think you will agree that wherever you have gone whether in South America or in Far East, everywhere, our movement is appreciated. So I simply request you, you are doing the greatest service to the world by giving up everything for preaching this Krishna philosophy, you please continue just as you are doing. Introduce this process of chanting Hare Krishna, distribute as much Prasadam as possible, and if possible see that all our books are translated and distributed as widely as possible. This is the greatest welfare activity, and for engaging yourself and others in this way, certainly you will go back to home, back to godhead.

Upon your recommendation I accept the three students you have recommended for first initiation. Their spiritual names are as follows:

Marcos Medina: Nityatrpta dasa\\
George Nikenson: Nrihari dasa\\
Beatrice Nikenson: Bhakta dasi

Now just as all my other disciples are doing, you take care that they follow very faithfully chanting of 16 rounds daily, and following all of the rules and principles of Krishna conscious very strictly. You should immediately send their beads for chanting on to Karandhara das Adhikari in Los Angeles who is one of the senior disciples I have authorized to chant on beads. Then, after receiving the beads back from Karandhara you can hold a fire ceremony and perform the sacrifice as you have seen me doing so many times. At that time you may give my new disciples their beads and instruct them on the principles of Krishna consciousness. You can advertise this initiation ceremony very widely in Buenos Aires so that as many people as possible may attend the ceremony, including the newspaper, Television, etc. Then at the end of the ceremony, at the end of the fire ceremony have big Kirtana and distribute as much Prasadam as possible. We want the people of Argentina to see how it is possible to live a perfect happy life in this world and in the end go back to home, back to Godhead.

Again I thank you for your sincere preaching effort, and I pray that Krishna may bless you with all intelligence and strength for pushing on this movement.

Hoping this finds you and all others well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Regarding Nrihari das (George Nikenson) he must wait at least six months before he may be initiated again as Brahmin.\\
PPS I am sending this letter to you care of Mexico City Temple as your Argentina address has been misplaced.

