~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — December 13, 1973~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — December 13, 1973~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-12-13
showdate_hidden  : 2020-12-13
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : December 13
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Bombay

My dear Tamala Krsna Goswami,

Please accept my blessings. I am in receipt of your letters dated December 6th and 7th and have carefully noted the contents.

I have already advised Guru das to remain in Vrindaban. There is no need for him to come to the U.S.A. at this time.

Regarding our Bombay project: I am sending Yasomatinandana das there. He is a qualified engineer and he may deal with Mr. Shah and others. That will relieve you from this work. He is very competent and intelligent. He will return with Giriraja. He is our man and if he requires, he can take help from Mr. Shah. We should keep them all as friends. This is a very important point. Let our men and Mr. Shah do the needful---we don't require to hire any outside engineers. Regarding Mrs. Thirani, try to please her. She is the grand-daughter of Mr. Birla and the sister of Ashok Birla. She is a very important lady.

Regarding the printing press for India: the press at ISKCON Press is too old and not practical to send to India. We are ready to manage a Press in India, but where is the money? We require new offset printing equipment. If we print in India we can get a much cheaper rate. Now, also there is a world-wide paper shortage but I have asked Mukunda in London to investigate exporting paper to India. I am in favor of this scheme but whether or not Mr. Gupta and others will support it and will the government allow?

The news of the preaching work in New Delhi is very nice---continue with it. There are many intelligent men in that quarter, mostly European. So far as the Russian correspondent, try to convince him about our philosophy. We want to unite the world on the platform of Krsna Consciousness under one state, one government, one religion and one scripture. It will be successful if we work cautiously and maintain our standards.

Just now I was reading Krsna Book. It is very interesting and entertaining and written so even a child can follow. In our childhood days we were reading one book, "Folk Tales of Bengal". It was very widely read, especially by children. So why not introduce the Krsna book for the same purpose? You may get some sanction from the Minister of Education. It is a very nice book for student study---they will get our cultural idea and learn to read English.

Yes, I approve of the Life Member Committee for the Temple construction in Hyderabad. You may do the same in Bombay also.

Yes, the pandal program in Hyderabad may be cancelled at this time. It is not timely at this point.

Concerning our Vrindaban project, along with the residential quarters, the remaining work on my quarters must be finished up immediately for my residence.

Now your most important business is to finish with Mrs. Nair all matters, especially the income tax certificate and to get sanction from the Municipality for all our plans. See to these matters above all else.

Thank you for appreciating this Krsna Consciousness more and more. Carry on faithfully with Krsna, work with greater and greater enthusiasm and be blessed.

I hope this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:Kda
