~~Title: Letter to: Sudama — December 10, 1973~~
~~bc: Sudama — December 10, 1973~~

====== Letter to: Sudama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Sudama
ListDate_hidden  : 1973-12-10
showdate_hidden  : 2020-12-10
To_letters       : Sudama
Date_letter      : December 10
Year_letter      : 1973
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Oahu, Hawaii

My dear Sudama das Goswami:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 10/4/73 and have noted the contents carefully. Regarding the Hawaii situation, do not worry. I shall rectify when I come there. They are chanting, this will save them. Otherwise, they are all good boys, and they cannot go away. It is not hopeless situation. Whenever you meet them, tell them that Prabhupada is coming and that they should not give up the chanting, never mind they can do whatever they like. Send me their address and I shall write them. Where is Govinda dasi?

Regarding what is a Vaisnava, Vaisnava means that when others see him, they will also chant Hare Krsna. So why not give them the chance of seeing by wearing the beads, tilaka, and sikha? You are not paramahamsa that you can do whatever you like. So my advice to you is that you remain ideal Vaisnava internally and externally, and everyone will respect you. Don't be agitated. They will come back because they are chanting maha mantra. You keep your standard and try to help them, but don't become influenced by them. Regarding the Deity worship, it must go on nicely. Govinda dasi was doing very nicely. Decorate with flowers and incense and have arati and offer bhoga.

Regarding your travelling plans, yes that is good. You can go in bus all over the islands. Live there for sometime and make Honolulu your headquarters. Sometimes you can visit Japan and the neighboring islands. For a sannyasi, travelling gives him more experience for serving Krsna.

So far your health is concerned, Hawaii is very good climate. You can take bath in the sea, and that will keep your health. Take dhal, especially urd, arhad, and tour, a little cheese, peanuts, green vegetables, especially squash leaf.

Please offer my blessings to Gaurasundara and Govinda dasi. I have not heard from her. She is the center of Hawaii organization. Let her cooperate with you. She is a good preacher. Sometimes reverses may be there, but just depend on Krsna. Balabhadra is a very good boy. Make him in charge, also Govinda dasi, and you come and go. Yes, you can go to Brazil. Also, you come to Mayapur on Mahaprabhu's appearance day as many as possible at least for a week. Yes, the Gaura nitai Deities may be taken out for festivals. I am glad to hear of the excellent book distribution that is being done there. From other parts of the world there is also very good report of book distribution. That is our main propaganda work. So you go on with your preaching work and I will be pleased to receive your report regularly.

Enclosed is the sanctified sacred thread for Krsna Caitanya dasa. Now hold a fire sacrifice amongst the devotees and let him hear the gayatri mantra from the tape through the right ear and teach him how to chant it three times daily.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
