---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tejiyas — January 2, 1974",
    "h1":"Tejiyas — January 2, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Tejiyas — January 2, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tejiyas ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tejiyas
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-01-02
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-02
To_letters       : Tejiyas
Date_letter      : January 2
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

New Delhi

My dear Tejiyas,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 17, 1973. It is a source of great pleasure for me to hear that you are seriously undertaking publication of the abridged version of Bhagavad-gita As It Is in India. As you know my Guru Maharaja emphasized book publication above all other preaching activities because it is the big mrdanga which can be heard all over the world. Sometimes people are reluctant to contribute for our temples and for our religious activities but for education everyone will be ready to help. All over the world they are taking our books seriously and that is accepted by educational departments as extra study books at schools and colleges. In that way we will have a good recommendation for introducing our books to all kind of libraries. When I was alone in India I got this sanction and introduced my books in so many libraries and schools. There is one American Library of Congress which used to take 18 copies of my books as soon as they were published. If you try you will get also an order for 18 copies of all our books. This open order was published in my picture advertisement for the Bhagavatam. So please try in this way to get our books circulating among the educated classes. I wish you to go ahead full speed to print Bhagavad-gita there.

Regarding purchase of a car, I am planning to send two cars to India---one Mercedes* and one Chevelle Impala, one car for Delhi and one for Bombay. So we plan to send these as a gift from the United States ISKCON to India. However we are awaiting the official form from the Maharastra government. You have indicated that this form is being procured by Tamala Krsna Goswami so please see that it is actually dispatched to us so that we can send you the cars.

Regarding Vrndavana, I am glad you have already made a contribution. You can now make a full estimate of the ingredients needed for finishing the Vrndavana Temple by next Janmastami festival. The ingredients should be immediately acquired and whatever money is collected there in India that is all to the good and the balance I shall pay from here. I will come to India by the end of January so the money will be ready. You go ahead now and purchase the ingredients immediately. Do the needful in consultation with Guru das.

In Bombay Mr. Birla has promised to help us. That money should be used for Vrndavana. The balance will come from the U.S.A. This way we must finish Vrndavana and open the Temple by Janmastami 1974 so please make arrangements like that.

Hoping this meets you in the best of health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:SDG\\
*240 model
