---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jagadisa — January 8, 1974",
    "h1":"Jagadisa — January 8, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Jagadisa — January 8, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jagadisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jagadisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-01-08
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-08
To_letters       : Jagadisa
Date_letter      : January 8
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Toronto

Dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your GBC report dated December 31, 1973, and I have carefully examined the contents. It is encouraging to me that you are closely supervising our five centers in Canada, and from the most recent report it appears that things are going nicely.

My idea in forming the GBC is that I may be spared from the management and use my time for translating books. So please continue to correspond and occasionally visit the centers in your zone to see how they are doing. Our program as we have received it from Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu is perfect, now you simply have to implement it without any changes.

Your emphasis on book distribution is quite right. I can understand in the northern centers it is very cold now, and yet you report they are still going out for sankirtana party. Please convey that I extend all blessings to those boys and girls who are trying to distribute our books even under difficult conditions.

Regarding Spiritual sky incense business in Canada, the best thing is if you can find some competent managers to handle this so all your time is not spent in selling incense. I understand that you have taken it on because you wish all the centers to be financially sound. So now that you have been managing the business for four months, you should find a suitable manager to take it over.

Are you approaching universities and schools and attempting to get our books placed in classes? This is another important phase of our preaching work.

My present itinerary is to leave for Hawaii on January 14 and then reach New Delhi, India by the first week in February. I am very concerned that our temple in Vrindaban be completely constructed by Janmastami next, and I am going to personally see to the progress of that project. I hope to see you in Mayapur for the celebration of the Appearance Day of Lord Caitanya when all GBC shall sit down and chalk out the next years program. Hope this finds you in good health.

I am enclosing the gayatri mantra for Atigarvita devi upon your recommendation.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
