---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhakta dasa — April 13, 1974",
    "h1":"Bhakta dasa — April 13, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhakta dasa — April 13, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhakta dasa ======

San Diego

Dear Bhakta das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of March 27, and I have noted the contents. Now Madhudvisa Maharaja has written me that you have been posted as president of San Francisco, and that you are very enthusiastic to increase all programs there. I do not know who is now president of San Diego, but I will answer the points in your letter.

I never said I was displeased with the American temple presidents for not sending more money to India. You go on expanding there as you are doing so wonderfully. When there is spare money that can be sent to India. For example, you write that you that you have received an extra $10,000. So that can be sent immediately to my personal account in the Punjab National Bank, Vrindaban which is in the name of the Mayapur-Vrindaban Trust current account number 668.

There is no question of installing more than one set of Radha Krsna deities. The smaller set of Radha Krsna deities may be set on the altar at the feet of the larger ones, as you describe. But they are not installed.

Regarding Srinivasa Svarupa it is very pleasing to hear that this Indian boy wants to surrender his whole life to Krsna. There is no harm if he finishes college and gets his degree. If possible, he can live in the temple and attend the university daily. At any rate, he should carefully follow all the regulative principles and associate with his fellow devotees as much as possible. The university is well known for demonic association, but if he is able to keep up his devotional practices and protect the creeper of devotional service, then he may complete his degree. I think there is more advantage in Bir Krsna remaining fully engaged in his temple duties than in going back to college. What would be the practical benefit of such degree?

So many new devotees are coming there in San Diego. Now instruct them carefully and keep them in your care.

Please inform me when you actually receive the $10,000 and when you are sending it.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
