~~Title: Letter to: Mukunda — May 2, 1974~~
~~bc: Mukunda — May 2, 1974~~

====== Letter to: Mukunda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Mukunda
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-05-02
showdate_hidden  : 2023-05-02
To_letters       : Mukunda
Date_letter      : May 2
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Bhaktivedanta Manor

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I was in Hyderabad and on my return to Bombay I received your letter of April 15, 1974.

I am glad to know that on the arrival of Hansadutta things are improved very nicely and problems are being solved gradually. It is understood that Hansadutta delivered a letter through Manasvis' wife and she has re-directed the letter to Hyderabad but I have not received the letter. In the meantime, I have received the following telegrams from Syamasundara.

The first dated April 13, reads as follows: "My most humble obeisances departed India today for America all signs favorable for good success kindly inform care Brooklyn Temple how where you wish funds repaid also how many where to send your tickets for London plus expected arrival date. Suggest early May for English fragrant Springtime' June like flavored gold, July for the most spectacular Rathayatra ever, celebrated August meet her majesty etc., hundreds of the world's best British men anxiously awaiting to accommodate and serve you in unrivalled fashion with opulence respect public acclaim befitting Visvacarya. Especially George preparing some wonderful surprises like your classes with Prince Charles. Hrsikesananda also safely in London, your eternal servant Syamasundara das."

The second, dated April 27 from New York:

"Obeisances New York deal closed for hundred hundred thousand dollars Hansadutta sent England for politicking power grabbing without consulting me. Kindly order him to leave England or I shall never return there. Tickets forthcoming pending Hansadutta's leaving, your servant, Syamasundara das."

So the first telegram was replied by me and a copy of the letter is sent here. I have not replied to the second telegram. But according to the first telegram he was to repay the money, as he asked where he should deposit the money. But the second telegram showed he failed to acquire the money. Now he promises he will not return to London unless Hansadutta goes away. How can I ask Hansadutta to go away when he has improved the situation? From Puranjana's letter, Hansadutta is ready to pay back the dues owed to the landlord at Bury Place. Under the circumstances, Hansadutta must continue to act as GBC until Syamasundara settles up all monetary dues to the society and others.

The center has become cumbersome on account of mismanagement. Things must be settled before Shayamasundar can take charge again. These bills presented by different creditors on account of jewelry business must not be paid by ISKCON. Syamasundara was never authorized to do the business at the risk of the society's money. Everyone was expecting me to arrive there by the first week of May, but this was dependent on Syamasundara sending tickets. He has now refused to send tickets. This is not very happy news. Either he has no money to purchase them or he has withdrawn his promise. In both cases the dealing is not very happy.

I may be going to Rome by the 23rd of May and I will be in Europe in several places. Then I may go to London or may call a meeting in Paris and decide things for our future management. In the meantime, the letter which Hansadutta handed to Manasvi's wife may be sent again by copy as the original is missing.

Madhavananda has written that his engagement working to make life members has been taken away because you are yourself now working at life membership. But why should his engagement be taken away? What is the difficulty if you both work at life membership?

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
