---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhavatarini — May 4, 1974",
    "h1":"Bhavatarini — May 4, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhavatarini — May 4, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhavatarini ======

Honolulu

My dear Bhavatarini,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated April 23, and I have noted the contents.

Your enthusiastic response to my instructions is very encouraging. Actually the disciple is supposed to find relief from all his problems just by carrying out the orders of the spiritual master. Just as Arjuna in the beginning was completely confused and lamenting, but after accepting Krsna and hearing from Him he said, "Now my illusion is over, and I am prepared to do whatever you say." If the guru is a representative of the Supreme Lord in disciplic succession and the student is sincere, only then he can get him out of the clutches of the material energy to become situated in spiritual happiness above all material desires, in Krsna Consciousness.

As you say you have on hand a check for $41,880.83, I request you deposit that in the Mayapur Vrindaban Trust Fund. The last time I was in Hawaii I established an account in this name in one Honolulu Bank. You will find a Savings Deposit slip enclosed. You can just fill in the exact amount and deposit it with the main branch of the Liberty Bank in Honolulu account 35785, in the name of Mayapur Vrindaban Trust Fund. As for the $150 you will be receiving each month for the next five years, I think that will be sufficient tuition for your two children at Gurukula, and that will oblige your debt to Gurukula. As for Sudama Maharaja, it is better that he write to me separately; I will send him money from here for his projects.

If you like to come to India you will be most welcome. The sites at Mayapur and Vrindaban are just for my American and European students who can come and get the benefit of these holy places. You seemed to have taken a new grasp on Krsna Consciousness when you say, "As for where to live, my only concern now is to live where I can best serve you." A pure devotee actually has no problems for himself; wherever he is he can read books like Krsna Books and chant Hare Krsna, get some prasadam and always think of Krsna. Prahlada Maharaja prayed like that: I have no problem for myself. The only concern of the devotees is that so many rascals are suffering in the concocted civilization of illusory sense enjoyment, how can they be saved? So our Krsna Consciousness movement is made for that saving the rascals. This donation you are making in all sincerity will also help us to push on and make some effect in bringing persons back to home, back to Godhead. I will be glad to hear from you, how you have disbursed the money and how you are settling up your personal situation.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
