---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — September 7, 1974",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — September 7, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — September 7, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

Los Angeles

My dear Hansadutta das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated August 10, 1974 forwarded from Bombay. The photo you have sent is a nice picture. I am getting it framed. So in Germany when I was there I was very, very hopeful. There is good scope for preaching Krsna consciousness there. The people there are very intelligent. They are prepared to accept the real truth. Germany was always famous for its intelligent population. You are also appropriately fit to push on this cult in Germany. It will be a great success. Get the German people to take this movement seriously. Utilize the money you are collecting there for printing more and more books in German language, and profusely distribute our books in German language. I am very pleased that you are printing in German the books you have mentioned.

Regarding the farm, the exhibition is there in New Vrindaban. Kirtanananda Maharaja has organized very nicely. The same principle you can follow and organize it in Germany. Let the people be happy with self sufficient food grown in the field with milk products. When I was in Frankfurt round our place I was so happy to see the farms and the cows. Unfortunately they will kill the cows. So if we organize a farm without killing any cows, that will be a great example in that country. Instead of killing cows, if we let them live, we can get so many nutritious foodstuffs filled with vitamins. I have seen in New Vrindaban how happily our devotees are living there with fresh air, fresh vegetables, and ample milk. Simple living in cottages. What you want more? We should not neglect the upkeep of the body, and we should save time to chant Hare Krsna. This mission should be propagated. Save time and chant Hare Krsna.

Now you publish in German language all our books and distribute. Krsna will help you in every respect. The BBT collection should be spent 50% for publishing and 50% for construction of temples. At the present moment the Mayapur-Vrindaban projects are going on, so as soon as there is an excess of money it should be utilized here. Not a single farthing should be invested in any business enterprise. Formally it was so done without any sanction. So be careful. Regarding printing, you can print in U.S.A. or any other country. U.K. also has big presses, I have heard that Belgium is also good. Also Holland, and Germany is also good.

Try to revive the Ratha Yatra next year in London. Agree to follow all their instructions, but the ratha must move in procession as it was done previously. People enjoyed it, both European and Indian. Everyone enjoyed. Why there should be this restriction for public enjoyment? This is injustice both the Indian and European people.

Regarding Madhavananda he will work more and more enthusiastically. Both husband and wife. Combined together they can do herculean task. And they are devotees also. He is good worker. Encourage him. It is nice that you are purchasing the houses in front of Bhaktivedanta Manor. Yes, have London pay BBT as much as possible. They owe a great amount. Regarding record albums, it is something sentimental. They will purchase and hear for sometime and throw it and purchase another. A book purchased will remain, and once even one line is read, that will benefit the reader.

Regarding the printing, it does not matter where you print our German books. Never mind the cost whether it is a little more or less. Wherever it is convenient. We are not after profit. The important thing is good printing and binding so that the people will be impressed. A book sold rather than a record will be a solid sale.

Regarding your trip to U.S.A. you say that you will be tactful and respectful in your dealings. That should be the motto of all GBC. Be tolerant, and if there is any deficiency, rectify it. All our men have volunteered good service, so the background is good will. So everything should be done on the basis of good will.

Regarding transferring to ISKCON FOOD RELIEF, you can transfer to ISKCON American Express a/c # 3002, Bombay. When you transfer, be sure to notify them by letter what the money is for.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
