~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — September 29, 1974~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — September 29, 1974~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-09-29
showdate_hidden  : 2021-09-29
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : September 29
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

Frankfurt

My dear Hansadutta das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter from Los Angeles dated September 10, 1974 and have noted the contents. Regarding Bali Mardan we have decided to review the complaints and do the needful at the next GBC meeting. Bali Mardan came to me when I was in Vrndaban and he showed a tendency for retirement, because he knows there are so many complaints against him. Three or four times he said he would like to live in Vrindaban.

So anyway he has given service to the Society, but when there are all GBC present they may consider the complaints and do the needful. But, so far I have studied, if all the GBC so desire, he can retire. Personally I wish all the existing GBC may be trained up so perfectly that in the future in my absence they can manage the whole Society very nicely and strongly. That is my desire. At least in this stage of my life it is not at all desirable that there be any factions amongst yourselves. Try to settle up amicably and correct yourself. One man is trained up with great difficulty especially in spiritual life. Everyone has got some weakness and deficiency. It is better to correct or mend it than to break it. It will be best to discuss this in an open meeting of the GBC and then do the needful.

Regarding the booklet of appreciations, it is better to have the general appreciations than the individual prospectuses you have suggested. By reading one can estimate all the books such as Srimad-Bhagavatam, Bhagavad-gita, Nectar of Devotion, Krsna Books, etc.

Regarding the International Publishing House under one roof, the principle of management is that everything will be managed by BBT. We have so many centers but the management is done by the GBC and myself. So what is the difficulty? It is a question of management, but not that all staff come together. Any big establishment has got different works and staff in different place. Recently I met one big manufacturer from Kannauj. He has got his factories in Orissa, Mysore, etc., but the whole thing is being managed from Kannauj. What is being manufactured in Orissa cannot be brought to Mysore. It is the capacity of management, but not that we bring everyone together.

Regarding the closing of the temples, no temple can be closed for any reason. You have done a great mistake. I am sending you a copy of a letter I have written in this connection. We have to consider very carefully before opening a center, and once opened it cannot be closed. It is disastrous. What you have done is not at all allowed. I am very disappointed that you have done this. Even you did not consult me. Why?

Now you want to purchase a farm, but can you manage? Why are you closing all the temples and then opening a farm? do you have sufficient men to maintain a farm? Why are you purchasing a farm?

Regarding BBT lending Bhaktivedanta Manor dollars 25,000 for purchasing a house in Letchmore Heath, the BBT has no money, that is what I think. It is lending to Australia Dollars 100,000 and prepared to lend to Paris Dollars 100,000. I do not know that after lending this money there will be anything more. Lending for opening a temple is the business of BBT but not lending for residential quarters.

Regarding the temples being mismanaged, these things will be discussed at the GBC meeting here. Yearly once or twice there should be a GBC meeting held to discuss all these intricate questions. This meeting can be held once in India and once in Europe or America in my presence.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
