---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhavananda — September 16, 1974",
    "h1":"Madhavananda — September 16, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhavananda — September 16, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Madhavananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhavananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-09-16
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-16
To_letters       : Madhavananda
Date_letter      : September 16
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Vrindaban
----

Bhaktivedanta Manor

My dear Madhavananda Das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated September 10, 1974 hand delivered by Paramahamsa Swami with enclosed color photos and cans of ghee. Your success there has given me great pleasure, and I thank you very much for your sincere service in fulfilling the mission of my Guru Maharaja. In the foreign countries you are getting so many Indians, and they are not getting even here in India. Now in U.K. the Indians are getting life. They are Krsna conscious, but now they are getting the chance to serve Krsna. The pictures are wonderful, and I am getting them framed and will hang them in my quarters here. We are creating new life for the Indians in England.

This is your credit, both husband and wife. You are so enthusiastic. Kausalya was loitering as an uncared for girl in Honolulu. She saw me and offered her obeisances, and I immediately picked her up. Now by coming to Krsna consciousness she is coming to her full potency and strength.

There is great potency for developing there in Letchmore Heath. You should purchase the entire village. Whenever I go to Letchmore Heath I remember Vrindaban and say it is Vrindaban. It is like seeing from Kesi ghat the other side of Vrindaban. It is like that. If they do not like the noise of our kirtana there, we shall make it more noisy. So go on performing Hari kirtana for the villagers. They shall get out, not us. Simply by the noise of kirtana the demons actually go away.

I am advising them here to make the center here attractive to all kinds of men and to follow your example. Regarding Damji, it is not good that he pushes his guru to sit down with me. This should be cautiously avoided. Anyway, if his guru has gone away and is not returning that is all right.

The Indians are there for so many years, but they had no place. There are so many Hindu centers but no life. Here is life, as I can see in these pictures. It is good that you are making a parking lot, and that you are splitting the collection for BBT and construction.

Krsna is giving you chance because you want to serve. It is all Krsna's grace. Krsna says __"tesam satatam yuktanam . . ."__ Anyone who is sincerely engaged in My service I give him the intelligence. So if Krsna gives the intelligence who can compete with you? Krsna is the most intelligent.

Regarding the election there for President of the temple, I understand that you received the vote. So you should be the president. I am putting my casting vote for you. I have informed Hansadutta this by post.

I am very shocked that he has closed the Edinburgh temple. This is very serious matter. Why has he done this? It is against the principles of devotional service to whimsically close a temple. I have written him that the temple must be reopened if possible.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs\\
N.B. You may inform Kulasekhara that I have received his letter in the above connection.
