~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — October 19, 1974~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — October 19, 1974~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-10-19
showdate_hidden  : 2020-10-19
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : October 19
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

Frankfurt

My dear Hansadutta das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 9, 1974 and have noted the contents. Regarding your statement that your success is due to your dependence on serving my lotus feet, yes, that is the instruction of the Bhagavad-gita. Krishna advises Arjuna to work to his bet capacity but not to think that he is the best capable. We should work to our best capacity and depend for the result on Krishna. After all, our life is dedicated to Krishna's service, and Krishna will give us intelligence, capability, and all kinds of success. I know you are doing your best capacity. Depend for the result on Krishna. When I point out some discrepancy of my disciples, it is always with good will so you can become the best servant of Krishna. There is nothing of material grudge. Kindly remember this.

I am very much satisfied that you are increasing the publishing program. I have received a nice report from Puranjana that the Book Fair was fairly successful. My request is that you print as much as possible and distribute profusely. That is the great success of our movement.

If the Hamburg Deity is moved but worshiped, it is all right. Yo do not have to reopen if it is inconvenient. What you have said about considering a thousand times before opening a temple, that I want. Not that you should open a temple whimsically, and then close whimsically.

Regarding the farm, farm opening is not very essential, but if you can do it conveniently, then do it. The varnasrama system is for convenience sake in the material world. It has nothing to do with spiritual life. Acceptance of varnasrama means a little easy progress to spiritual life, otherwise it has no importance to us. For example, all my European and American disciples have no varnasrama position, but spiritually because they have followed the rules and regulations and also my instructions, their advancement spiritually is being appreciated by everyone. Always remember that varnasrama life is a good program for material life, and it helps one in spiritual life; but spiritual life is not dependent upon it. After all the system of varnasrama has to be realized before accepting spiritual life; and the renounced order of sannyasa is the last stage of varnasrama.

Regarding starting a travelling Sankirtana party with yourself at the head, yes it is approved. It is good.

Regarding the London affair, what can be done. This is the American and European habit of diplomacy. Unless there is spiritual advancement they will do by their nature like this. The whole thing should be corrected by diverting their attention to chanting and the regulative principles. We have to tackle these problems very carefully. In Bengali it is said wherever there is the goddess of fortune, there are varieties of responsibility. When I was alone there were not so many letters of so many problems.

Regarding your dancing in the middle of the kirtana, it is not wrong. It is completely right. If in your kirtana everyone dances in ecstasy it is perfectly all right. That is spiritual enthusiasm.

I have not received the new books. I have learned about them from Puranjana, but I have not received them. Maybe they are held up due to a postal delay in Calcutta, but anyway I am so pleased that you have published. Even I have not seen them, I am pleased and obliged to you. Continue this work. Whenever there is any publication in any language, it enlivens me 100 times.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
