---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhavananda — October 6, 1974",
    "h1":"Madhavananda — October 6, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhavananda — October 6, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Madhavananda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhavananda
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-10-06
showdate_hidden  : 2023-10-06
To_letters       : Madhavananda
Date_letter      : October 6
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

Bhaktivedanta Manor

My dear Madhavananda Das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 2, 1974 with enclosed pictures. Regarding Hansadutta, you cannot criticize him. Hansadutta is liquidating the debts. You were there but you could not liquidate, but Hansadutta has come and he is liquidating. Canakya Pandit says that a happy man is he who lives at home and who has no debts. London was so much in debt that it was something shameless. I have not said anything until now, but I was very sorry to see in the temple that the chandelier was taken down. The temple was almost dark without the chandelier. I had told to Syamasundara that I wanted it, and he borrowed, but then he could not pay, so it was taken.

I am prepared to give you fair chance, but you cannot criticize Hansadutta. Let there be re-election in the presence of two GBC men. We should utilize our talents without being envious of others. You should do your best, but you should not be envious of others. In material life there is simply envy of others progress, but in spiritual life one encourages another, "Oh you are doing very nice." That is Radharani. She says oh here is a very nice devotee. Please Krishna, you accept him.

From the pictures it appears that the Deity worship is going on very nicely. Krishna is very satisfied by His face. He looks very healthy. He is very fond of milk and butter. He is a butter thief. You have now got cows, so offer nicely. I have asked that the picture be framed. I think that the Deity worship is almost better than our Los Angeles center. The Life Member room is very nice. They should have like that here.

The Ratha is very gorgeous. I have already written that if there is complaint, you should not agitate the villagers.

If you have complaints against Hansadutta, then they can be presented at the GBC meeting at Mayapur and a decision can be taken.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
