---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 8, 1974",
    "h1":"Karandhara — October 8, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 8, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Karandhara ======

Los Angeles

My dear Karandhara das:

Please accept my blessings. I am very pleased to receive your letter dated 9/11/74 and have noted the contents with great delight. The thing is where is the question of making any conspiracy. The materialistic man creates diplomacy and conspiracy for sense gratification. Everyone wants in the material world some reputation, profit, and some adoration. But so far we are concerned we are being trained up by following the footsteps of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu: __na dhanam na janam na sundarim kavitam va jagadisa kamaye/ mama janmani janmanisvare bhavatad bhaktir ahaituki tvayi__ [[books:cc:antya:20:29|(Cc. Antya 20.29)]], __Śikṣāṣṭaka__ 4]. "My Lord I do not want any monetary gain, neither any number of followers, or wife, but simply I want to be engaged in Your causeless devotional service, which means I do not even want salvation." So if actually we follow the footsteps of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu, where is the question of conspiracy?

This whole institution was started singlehandedly without any capital. I went to your country with only Rs. 40/- and 200 sets of books. So if we take the capital of the whole business, it was the books and the Rs. 40/-. The Rs. 40/- was not even touched because Indian Rupees currency could not be spent in your country. In 1967 when I came back to India the Rs. 40/- was paid for the taxi cab. The 200 sets of books was sold, and I was maintaining myself with great difficulty. Now by the grace of Krishna books sales have increased tremendously, and whatever money we are spending it is from the books sales; or whatever money is also being squandered that is also from the book sales.

Now by the grace of Krishna we have got sufficient properties all over the world, so there cannot be any diplomacy or conspiracy by any sane man. All these properties and opulences, whatever we have got, this will not go with me when I go away from this world. It will remain here. I am training some of my experienced disciples how to manage after my departure. So if instead of taking the training, if in my lifetime you people say I am the Lord of all I survey, that is dangerous conspiracy.

As alleged by you I have received complaints against Bali Mardan and his wife, so seriously so much so that the girl has declared that Bali Mardan is an incarnation of Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura on my name. In India some of the important members they have collected huge amounts in the name of the Society and spent it luxuriously. I wanted you all my experienced disciples should manage the whole institution very cleverly without any personal ambition like ordinary materialistic men. The Gaudiya Math institution has become smashed, at least stopped its program of preaching work on account of personal ambitions.

So whatever is done is done. I shall request you all not to be personally ambitious. I shall do everything in my power to fulfill your personal ambitions, but that will be done in due course of time when you are fully trained up and following the regulative principles and chanting 16 rounds.

So complaints against Bali Mardan is very serious, and I have appointed an enquiry committee, consisting of three men. Let us know the report. So far yourself is concerned, you know I had full faith in you, and whatever you did I never objected. But, in the meantime twice thrice you resigned. That has given me a little agitation. So kindly follow the regulative principles regularly chant 16 rounds and make up the deficit in Spiritual Sky, and gradually everything will come to its right position, and I hope Krishna will help us to adjust the present situation very peacefully.

I believe all my students they are very serious devotees, maybe sometimes influenced by maya, but they can be corrected and the whole thing will go on as usual without any difficulty. Please try to help me in this connection in this endeavor.

I hope you are living very peacefully with wife and children without being disturbed by anything else. More in my next.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
