~~Title: Letter to: Hansadutta — October 1, 1974~~
~~bc: Hansadutta — October 1, 1974~~

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Hansadutta
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-10-01
showdate_hidden  : 2020-10-01
To_letters       : Hansadutta
Date_letter      : October 1
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

Frankfurt

My dear Hansadutta das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters dated September 19 and one September 20 with enclosed copy of the money transfer to Bombay Central account. Regarding the election at Bhaktivedanta Manor, as you have suggested an election of all members present should be held to make a final selection. I have already suggested this to Mukunda. Another meeting should be held, and I have already asked Bhagavan das to be present, so there will be two GBC's and all members present. Out of the two candidates whoever is elected by the majority vote, may be the president.

Regarding Edinburgh temple, yes it should be re-opened. I have already explained that once a temple is opened it cannot be closed. Before opening we must consider very carefully, Worship in the temple means to personally call Krsna, and He personally comes, therefore the arrangement must be there for the temple worship to go on nicely before opening any temple. In Vrindaban there are many dilapidated, important temples started by the Gosvamis, but still they are not closed. They are becoming debtor and debtor and the temple building is practically falling down, but still the Deity worship is going on somehow or other. This is the principle. Closing a temple we cannot do. It becomes a farce and is against the bhakti cult. Our principle must be to carefully consider before opening any temple, and once opened it cannot be closed.

In Germany you have to follow this principle. Once opened it cannot be closed. Somehow or other you have to manage to continue the temple worship. That is the devotional cult. If they are closed and it is impossible to re-open, then what can be done? If there is no Deity, then it doesn't matter. If possible re-open the Hamburg temple and transfer the Deity again and worship. A center without a Deity can be closed, but a center with a Deity if closed it is a great offense. The Deity is not an idol; it is Krsna. We cannot say to Krsna personally, now go away.

I am glad to hear about the Gita sales and the publishing of the new books. Therefore I have appointed you as BBT Trustee to publish the German editions of our books as much as possible. I quite appreciate that one main center may remain there and from there the preaching may go on, but no attempt may be made to open a new center without being confident that it will go on. Strictly this principle should be followed. Before opening a temple it has to be carefully considered, and once opened it cannot be closed. Henceforward completely forget the idea that any present temple can be closed. That you should forget. Don't do it again. At least you should re-open Hamburg and Edinburgh and the Deity should be transferred there again.

The book sales are very encouraging, increasing, increasing. It is very good news. Thank you, I want this. Record selling is temporary. Even George Harrison's record sales do not continue for a long time. But, a book sold becomes a permanent matter for enjoyment. We read the scriptures again and again and it is still fresh. When there is time I go on reading my own books.

Regarding increasing the distribution in USA, yes I expect better service from you. Therefore I have appointed you BBT Trustee. Also, Ramesvara is a very nice boy. You can go to USA, that is all right, but if your European and German men are doing well in Europe, why their attention should be diverted by going to USA. For technical help they can go, but it is better if the local men are trained up to do it, like the boy Tripurari.

Regarding book production staff coming together under one roof, I have already replied this point. These things will be discussed in our open GBC meeting and decided. Regarding Bali Mardan, yes if the buildings do not come, then it is doubtful. I understand that one devotee is engaged as Taittareya's personal servant. No devotee can be engaged as personal servant in this way. Otherwise everyone will do this.

Regarding Spiritual Sky donating to BBT, yes it is all right if some contribution comes to BBT. It will be a welcome facility for expansion of temple activities. Regarding Paris loan, unless full consideration is made in this matter, we cannot lend money to Paris. Your calculation should not be neglected in this matter.

Your statements expressing your surrender to your spiritual master is proper. If this principle is followed you will remain pure and always protected by Krsna. Always follow my instructions and my example. This should be your life and soul.

From Madhavananda I have heard that there is some worship of yourself by the other devotees. Of course it is proper to offer obeisances to a Vaisnava, but not in the presence of the spiritual master. After the departure of the spiritual master, it will come to that stage, but now wait. Otherwise it will create factions.

I am having the Dollars 4,000 you sent transferred to Calcutta for construction of the Prasadam Distribution Pavilion here in Mayapur. They say it will accommodate one thousand persons and cost Dollars 25,000.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

cc: Bhaktivedanta Manor\\
ACBS/bs
