---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kurusrestha — December 28, 1974",
    "h1":"Kurusrestha — December 28, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Kurusrestha — December 28, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kurusrestha ======

Denver

My dear Kurusrestha,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated December 12, 1974 and have noted the contents carefully, along with the photographs and installation souvenir. I thank you very much for your kind donation of $100.00. Your report is very encouraging and I was very, very happy to see the wonderful photographs of your installation ceremony there. That installation was very, very auspicious. From the photographs it appeared so nice and Vedic. I was looking at those photographs again and again. Such a wonderful ceremony. So now you must see that the service to your Deities will go on very nicely. You should make it first class, just like in our Los Angeles and New Vrndavana centers. You have a very nice temple room there and now Radha and Krsna have come. So you must treat Them very nicely. Then many many devotees will be attracted by the bhakti. I am also glad to hear that in your temple no one misses mangala arati and that everyone is becoming steady and peaceful in their service. It sounds as if you are taking care of your men very nicely. This is first class management. Please continue in this kind of management.

Regarding your farm, that will be very nice. But be sure to maintain your temple there in Denver. It is a very beautiful temple. Do not loose it. Also your idea of forming a trust between ISKCON and the leading men in the Indian community is approved by me. That is very nice. Let the Indians take part in our movement and help us to push on this mission of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu. In that trust you must be very careful to make sure that my name is registered there as the founder-acarya and that I am to be the ultimate authority. In other words, in any case of necessity of vetoing or cancelling any decision made by the other trustees, I should be able to do like that. My decision should over-rule all the other trustees combined.

I have accepted the following devotees for first initiation; Martin Babor---Madhvacarya dasa, Bruce Roberts---Bahulavan dasa, Jenny Roberts---Jalasayi devi dasi, Steve Schecter---Siddhanta dasa, Joe Asheraft---Jitadusana dasa, Tove Olson---Trpti devi dasi and Richard Santoro---Rangaji dasa. Their beads can be chanted on by Kirtanananda Swami. I have accepted the following devotees for second initiation; Svavasa dasa Adhikari, Tadit devi dasi, Dhanavir das Brahmacari, Arthada dasa Brahmacari. Their threads and mantra sheets are enclosed herein. Make sure that they hear the gayatri mantra from the tape of myself. They should hear through the right ear.

Your Deities names are Radha-Govinda.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
