~~Title: Letter to: Tamala Krsna — December 28, 1974~~
~~bc: Tamala Krsna — December 28, 1974~~

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tamala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1974-12-28
showdate_hidden  : 2022-12-28
To_letters       : Tamala Krsna
Date_letter      : December 28
Year_letter      : 1974
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Brooklyn

My dear Tamala Krishna Goswami,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 12-11-74 and have noted the contents carefully.

I was extremely pleased to hear your report from your travelling buses. It sounds as if your program is very very wonderful and I am very encouraged to hear that such a program is coming along so nicely. I am glad that you have understood the importance of my books, therefore I am stressing it so much. Let everyone take these books. If he simply reads one page then he is getting something substantial, a real eternal benefit. Or if he hands it over to his friend and he reads one page the same result is there. So continue these festivals constantly and make them all Krsna Conscious. Overflood the whole country by this preaching work. Let the whole United States become Vaisnavas, then everyone else in the whole world will follow. That is my real ambition. Therefore your program is very glorious. This is really preaching. Your intelligence is being properly utilized. In the beginning you took up the distribution of BTG's and you sold the most. Now you have taken up this van program and you will also be successful in the same way. This preaching spirit will make you recognized by Krsna. There is so much wonderful potential in USA for this type of program. So organize hundreds of such parties. This is fulfilling the mission of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu. I am very glad to hear that not only you are maintaining such program but that you want to expand it. Yes, this is our philosophy; anandambuddhi vardhanam. It means to expand or to increase. Therefore I strongly encourage you to double your program by getting three more buses if you can do it. There is no difficulty. BBT will help. I have written Hansadutta one letter to give you the loan of $30,000. BBT means fifty percent is for printing books and fifty percent for construction of temples. So your buses are all moving temples. Don't worry. There will be no scarcity of money. Go on with your program and increase and increase more and more. In the end of your letter you mention that people are not very much eager to go to Temples but with your program you are bringing the temples to the people. Yes, this is a very important point. You have picked up this idea very nicely, of bringing the temples to the people. In this way you will give everyone the opportunity to step in the direction of back to Godhead, back to home. So you and Visnujana Maharaja and all of your nice brahmacaris continue strongly with great enthusiasm and determination to spread this Krsna Consciousness movement all over your country and Lord Caitanya will certainly be pleased with you.

N.B. Regarding the Appearance Day Festival, yes do it. Your idea of booths for each center to display our books from all over the world is very important. Arrange for it. I am herewith sending one booklet from the Frankfurt Book Fair where our stall was exhibited. So in this way make different stalls so that people may see the work going on in all the different countries of the world. I received a letter from Hansadutta, and he is doing very nicely in Germany, and he has gone to Moscow. He has sent some nice photos, and they can be exhibited. I am sending the photos to Bhadraj, so he can take care to do it nicely. You also instruct him. I also want one new book of Caitanya Caritamrita be published for the Lord's Appearance Day. At least one volume must be ready for distribution of 400 pages, hardbound edition. You can also have photo exhibits of all the Ratha Yatras we hold in London, San Francisco, Melbourne, Toronto, and Philadelphia.

I am herewith returning the map of the fencing where I have indicated that the gate near the residence house is not necessary and should be removed.

ACBS
