---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — January 31, 1975",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — January 31, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — January 31, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

Brooklyn

My dear Tamala Krishna Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Jan. 16th, 1975 and have noted the contents. Your report is very very encouraging. It means really preaching Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu's message. Do that and be blessed. Krishna has given you a special duty, so carry it very faithfully and enthusiastically. The more you preach, the more you become recognized by Krishna and the more He gives you intelligence how to preach. You are a good representative of Radha Damodara. You are very fortunate that Radha Damodara is traveling with you and giving strength and intelligence. All glories to the assembled devotees.

Regarding your meeting with Satsvarupa Maharaja and your 3-fold attack plan for preaching on the campuses, it is a very good idea. Do it. I know that you are practical. Instead of talking 100 times and doing nothing. That I want. This is a very good plan. You can call Revatinandana Svami also to join you. He is a good preacher also. If you think in terms of Krishna's instructions, then Krishna will give the intelligence how to execute. Strictly adhere to Krishna's instructions and He'll give intelligence how to execute them from within your heart.

Regarding the idea of having the younger boys travel with you, the question is whether the government will object or not to our taking small boys in a sankirtana van. If there is no objection, then you can adopt this program immediately. It will be a very nice program.

The US has got immense potentiality for accepting Krishna Consciousness. So, do service to your country-men, as well as Krishna simultaneously. Your country has been glorified on account of her children like you. Krishna has has own plan for using your country-men for this movement. So, accept Krishna's mercy and do the needful. It is not just my desire, it is the desire of Lord Caitanya, then my Guru Maharaja, then it is my desire, and that desire should be executed by you all; then it will be accepted. Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu accepted the Bharata-bhumi, but at least one person from Bharata-bhumi has accepted this cult and handed it over to you so, see that this desire takes practical shape.

Your photo is very nice. I'll keep it to show others. Very encouraging. I want to organize such a program in India.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
