~~Title: Letter to: Bhagavan — January 27, 1975~~
~~bc: Bhagavan — January 27, 1975~~

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhagavan
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-01-27
showdate_hidden  : 2020-01-27
To_letters       : Bhagavan
Date_letter      : January 27
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : Tokyo
----

Paris

My dear Bhagavan das adhikari,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your telegram reading as follows (dated Jan. 25th, 1975): NEED SANCTION LETTER FROM PRABHUPADA FOR MANAGING OTHER EUROPEAN TEMPLES FORWARD TO PARIS GERMANY---BHAGAVANDAS. So far our movement is concerned, actually it is not a so-called religion movement. People throughout the whole world are more or less disgusted with the man-made religious systems. Therefore the government of different states is gradually banning the preaching of religion. People in general also think that this is also another type of so-called religion. So, gradually, they will take steps for banning our propaganda also, unless we present our system very scientifically based on philosophy. Of course, by Krishna's grace, the higher learned section is appreciating our books. That is the only hope for pushing on. But, I am very much depressed by the recent incidences in Germany. It is now evident that some of our top men are very much ambitious and there has been so many fall-downs. In his last letter, Hansadutta said as follows: I am exhausted, my brain is exhausted, I do not know what to do, so you can just tell me what I should do and I shall do that . . . I cannot understand your mind or actions, I do not know what you divine grace wants, or what you want from me. So, at this moment I am just going to sit and chant till I hear from you, because everything till now has come out wrong, so please just instruct me what to do. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news again. Please forgive me, I am so helpless and spiritually weak. Please save me. What more can I say, please save me. In India you said, "Every rumor contains a grain of truth." So the police, the karmis, newspapers must also bear a grain of Truth. I feel discouraged now. All my godbrothers and your Divine Grace are dissatisfied with me, so I have lost my enthusiasm.

Under the circumstances, I have asked Hansadutta to come to me at Hawaii. There I shall try to rectify the mistakes and as previously arranged, the GBC's should act as my secretary at least one month in a year. So, he may come and remain with me and in the meantime, you work conjointly with Brahmananda Svami. Try to manage Germany, London, and Paris. The main business in Germany is to reply the charges and rescue the frozen money. In England, we have to revive the Rathayatra festival which is now stopped by the police intrigue. In Paris, you require a larger place to accommodate devotees, so find out a suitable place.

I am going to Honolulu by Wednesday (29th) and if Brahmananda Svami is absolutely required, I'll call him to South America. Otherwise, both of you co-operatively, execute the most important business in Europe.

Kindly send in regular reports and oblige.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps\\
cc: Germany
