~~Title: Letter to: Prabhakar — May 31, 1975~~
~~bc: Prabhakar — May 31, 1975~~

====== Letter to: Prabhakar ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Prabhakar
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-05-31
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-31
To_letters       : Prabhakar
Date_letter      : May 31
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : Honolulu
----

New Delhi

My dear Prabhakar,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter dated May 20, 1975. I have not yet received any reply from Nandaji. So, immediately, what I want is in the Kuruksetra university a class should be opened for studying Krishna Consciousness and there are already about 50 books in English and Sanskrit, so if the university offers degree, B.A., M.A., and P.H.D. in different grades of understanding, I can arrange for many foreign students to come there. My first business is to spread Krishna Consciousness all over the world. Actually, this movement is not to be limited in India only---that is the mission Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu. As desired by you, I can immediately take up the task of opening a center there and to open a varna-asrama college there affiliated by the university. In this college we shall train up pure brahmanas, (qualified brahmanas), Ksatriyas and Vaisyas. That is the injunction of Bhagavad-gita. And this institution will be open for all without any discrimination. As I am training these European and American boys, most of them coming from Christian and Jewish families, and they are accepting to become a pure brahmana and then a pure sannyasi. This system should be introduced. They must sit for proper examination after being trained. And then why not accept them as real brahmana by quality and work? This procedure is recommended both in the Bhagavad-gita and in the Srimad-bhagavatam. In the Bhagavad-gita, it is said that the brahmana, ksatriya, vaisya, sudra should be selected by quality and work. Similarly, in the Srimad-bhagavatam, it is said that if quality and work is present in a different varna, that is to say, if the quality of a brahmana is visible in a person born in sudra family, such person on account of quality and work, should be accepted as brahmana. So, if we start a varna-asrama college in terms of Bhagavad-gita instructions and approved by Srimad-bhagavatam, why the university will not give degree to a qualified person as approved brahmana. This is the necessity of the present day. In the days past, when Prthu Maharaja was the emperor, his government was inspecting to see whether a brahmana is acting actually as a brahmana, whether a ksatriya is acting as a ksatriya, and all the different castes were engaged in all their respective duties. At the present moment, even though one is qualified brahmana, he does not get sufficient opportunity to act as brahmana, and therefore he is obliged to accept the occupational duty of someone who is outside the brahminical post. But if we accept the principle of varna and asrama as they are recommended in the sastra, and if we push on the Krishna Consciousness movement, surely everyone will be engaged in his occupation and the question of unemployment will be finished. Therefore, I think if we propagate this movement on the principles of Bhagavad-gita, all the problems of the human society will be solved. I can do all this business if some leading man of India co-operate with me. When I was in Delhi, Nandaji met me and I spoke to him exactly as I am writing now, but he said that immediately, these things cannot be introduced. But, I think it can be introduced immediately without any loss of time, provided you are serious about it.

I am so pleased that you are ready to help me in spreading Krishna Consciousness in India. So, kindly decide it finally and immediately upon my return to India, maybe by the end of August, you meet me anywhere I am (of which I shall inform you duly). In the meantime, you can let me know what is the position of the Birla temple at Kuruksetra. What is the form of Deity being worshiped there? How the management is going on? Who is the chief Birla under whose direction the temple is being managed? My idea is that if this temple can be used for our movement, then we do not need to construct a separate temple. If it is not possible to utilize this temple, then we can construct our own temple and for constructing temple and varnasrama college, we shall require a big plot of land---at least 10-15 acres or more. Whether this plot of land is available through the government acquirement. So, these are the immediate questions which I place before you. Kindly let me know the answers as soon as possible.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps\\
N.B. On May 18, 1975 we just opened a very large headquarters in Melbourne, Australia. The festival took place with great pomp and it was a great success. Many outsiders came and took part in the festival. I installed two very large, beautiful Deities, Gaura and Nitai in a very beautiful all-marble temple room. Things are going on very nicely in the western countries.
