~~Title: Letter to: G.L. Nanda — june 14, 1975~~
~~bc: G.L. Nanda — june 14, 1975~~

====== Letter to: G.L. Nanda ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : G.L. Nanda
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-06-14
showdate_hidden  : 2021-06-14
To_letters       : G.L. Nanda
Date_letter      : june 14
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : 
----

Sriman Gulzari Lal Nanda\\
5, Tughlak Road, \\
New Delhi-11, INDIA

51 Coelho Way, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA

My dear Sriman Nandaji, 

Please accept my greetings. Thank you very much for your letter dated May 29th, 1975, and I have carefully noted the contents. I have very much appreciated your statement when you say that it was Krishna's own plan for Kurukshetra that I came there. Actually, it is the hand of a benign providence that Kurukshetra is giving me some inspiration to do something there.

Until now, I have worked outside India to spread the Krishna consciousness movement. Now, I am seriously thinking to do something in India because India, or Bharat-varsa, although in the most exalted position than other countries, there is a great fall-down of its own culture, Bharatiya Sanskrti. Anyway, you are so kindly thinking of the beginning of a true spiritual and moral renaissance for India. Please let us combine together to do it faithfully.

In the last portion of your letter, you have desired for further communications. In this connection, completely devoted to the spreading of Krishna Consciousness and the propagation of the Gita and Srimad-bhagavatam. I have already explained to you my mind on the authority of the two great vedic scriptures, Bhagavad-gita and Srimad-bhagavatam.

My note which you have cyclostyled very kindly and distributed, my mind is already expressed, but still I shall try to place before you what I want do in this connection.

So far Manava-dharma is concerned, I beg to say that dharma is especially meant for manava, or the human being. Dharma is not meant for the animals, cats and dogs. Therefore, when a human being is without any awareness of dharma and adharma, he is no better than animal. It is said in the sastras, dharmena hina pasubhih samana-means when a human being is without dharma, then he is nothing better than an animal. And what is that dharma? Dharma is the law given by the Supreme Personality of Godhead. In the Srimad-bhagavatam, 6/3/19, it is said, dharmantu saksad-bhagavat-pranitam na vai viduh-rsayoh napi devah na siddha-mukhya asura manusyah kuto na vidyadhara-caranadayah.

Real dharma is the law given by the Supreme Personality of Godhead. The principle of dharma is not given known to the seven rsis, headed by Bhrgu. They cannot ascertain what is real dharma. Similarly, the demigods also cannot. Similarly, the inhabitants of Siddhaloka, they also cannot know, neither the Asuras, nor the human beings. Nobody knows, and what to speak of the Vidyadharas and the Caranas.

Therefore, at the end of the Bhagavad-gita, Krishna says, sarva-dharman parityajya mam ekam saranam vraja. This is the real dharma, and this dharma is further explained in the Srimad-bhagavatam, so that in the beginning of Srimad-bhagavatam, it is said, dharma projjhita-kaitavo'tra. It means that dharma, artha, kama, moksa, they are not actually dharma. It is given by the Supreme Personality of Godhead.

Therefore, Srimad-bhagavatam has not taken very seriously dharma, artha, kama, moksa, but dharma which is transcendental, above moksa, that is real dharma. So, the Krishna Consciousness movement is propagating the real dharma, as it is spoken by Lord Krishna Himself in the Bhagavad-gita, as it is, as it is prayed by Vyasadeva in his transcendental literature, Srimad-bhagavatam, amalam-puranam, as it is explained as the spotless purana, Maha-purana, Srimad-bhagavatam.

So, if you kindly accept my direction, it will be my duty to give you the right direction exactly on the basis of authorized vedas. In the subject matter dharma, or Bhagavat-dharma, I have already written about fifty books, including Srimad Bhagavad-gita, As It Is, (pages 1,100), and 25 volumes of Srimad-Bhagavatam of four-hundred pages each, and besides that, there are about 25 small books.

I wish these books be introduced for study in the colleges, as well as in the schools, and there should be regular examination of the students to give them degrees, B.A., M.A., P.H.D. because there is enough stock of knowledge for this purpose. In the Western countries, especially in America, the higher educated circles are appreciating our books. Now, I am trying to introduce them for study in the schools and colleges. Among the Universities, they have already taken up our books and they are being studied there.

One professor, Dr. Stillson Judah has written a nice book in this connection of the name, "Hare Krishna and the Counterculture". This book is very seriously taken by the professors of all Universities, and I am just trying to introduce them to study in their religion and theological classes. This is one of my desires. Kurukshetra University is there and the authorities must introduce these books for study in their University classes.

The next item is that there should be a regular Varna-asrama college because Bharatiya Sanskrti is dependant on Varna-asrama dharma, four varnas and four asramas. This should be introduced by proper authority. Although in this age, Varna-asrama dharma is now topsy-turvy, and because people are not strictly following the Varna-asrama dharma, therefore the sastra has recommended chanting of the holy name of God. This can be taken part by everyone, even by the children, but still, to maintain the standard of Bharatiya culture as it is recommended by Lord Krishna, catur-varnyam maya srstam guna-karma-vibhagasah.

There must be four divisions of the human society, Brahmana, Ksatriya, Vaisya, Sudra, and for spiritual advancement, Brahmacari, Grhastha, Vanaprastha, and Sannyasa. In the Bhagavad-gita, it is very nicely explained who is Brahmana, who is Ksatriya, who is Vaisya, and who is Sudra. So, in the Varna-asrama college, we shall train up actual Brahmanas, actual Ksatriyas, actual Vaisyas, actual Sudras, and we shall accept students from all over the world.

In the Srimad-bhagavatam, it is explained by Narada to Yudhisthira Maharaja that according to symptoms of Brahmana, Ksatriya, Vaisya, Sudra, one should be accepted as such-not by birth. A person born in the Brahmana family, if he is well-qualified with the brahminical qualities, it is very very good, welcome. And if those qualities are found in other places, it means if a person who is not born in a Brahmana family, but he is qualified, he should be accepted also as a Brahmana. Srila Sridhara Swami has commented in this connection that birth in a particular family is not all, but one must be fully qualified.

In the Varna-asrama college, we want to train up actual Brahmanas, actual Ksatriyas, actual Vaisyas, actual Sudras. This is possible, because in the Western countries, they are mostly born according to our Vedic culture, in the families of Mlecchas and Yavanas, but still, they are coming out very nice Brahmanas.

In the beginning of the Srimad Bhagavad-gita, it is said, dharmaksetre kuruksetre. Kuruksetra is Dharmaksetra. Real religious principle as it is enunciated in the Bhagavad-gita must be taught. We should not contaminate the Dharmaksetra, Kuruksetra with some ideas which are not approved in the sastras.

In the Vedanta Sutra, it is said, sastra-caksusyat. One should see everything through the sastras and that direction is completely there in the Srimad-bhagavatam for solving all problems; how they should be managed by the Brahmana, Ksatriya, Vaisya, Sudra, how they should be elevated to the highest perfection of life-means God realization. In these two books, especially, Srimad-bhagavatam and Bhagavad-gita, and literature correlated to these books should be regularly instructed.

I am glad to learn that you have already a kendra, Sri Bharatiya Sanskriti Kendra, and Bhagavad-gita is being regularly studied, but it should not only be studied, but practically realized and practiced in life. There are four divisions, namely the Brahmana, Ksatriya, Vaisya, and Sudra, and nobody should remain un-employed. At the present moment, the question of un-employment is the cause of all restlessness. Everyone should be employed. There is immense scope for this purpose, immense scope for world co-operation. Simply, we have to organize. The principles of dharma are known by the twelve Mahajanas, Svayambhur-Naradah Sambhuh Kumarah Kapilo Manuh Prahlada Janako Bhismo Valir-Vaiyasakir-Vayam. Let us follow their footprints and everything will be successful. It is not difficult. How it is not difficult, there is already direction in the sastra.

So, the directors of the institution, as I have explained above, must all be self-realized, following strictly the regulative principles. Then everything will be successful. I can give you full direction, and guidance in this connection which I am sure will be infallible.

Now, the land which is at your disposal, about 8 acres, I suggested that land will be required, not less than 10 and up to 15 acres, so, if 8 acres of land is immediately available, we can begin work and gradually we can extend to the near about places, if the matter is taken seriously by all thoughtful men.

According to Varna-asrama principles, the Brahmana should be the advisory board. The Ksatriya should take part in politics, the Vaisya should produce the necessities of life (especially food), and the Sudra should help. This is the process of perfection for all in Krishna Consciousness. At least, the Brahmanas and Ksatriyas should be well-organized. It is not at all beneficial that the Sudra class of men or Vaisya class of men should take part in politics. The politicians should be trained up Ksatriyas, and everything will be properly conducted.

If the Sudra class of men or the Vaisya class of men take part in politics, then even great personalities will be subjected to criticism. Yesterday, I saw in the paper, that our Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi has been also convicted for some fault. Everyone should be above suspicion. Then things will go on very nicely. That will require training and that is the ultimate purpose to start the Varna-asrama college-that only trained up persons, especially the Brahmanas and the Ksatriyas should guide the destiny of the human society. And all over the world, there will be peace, morality, religion, and happiness.

Regarding my note which you have cyclostyled, you have not given your reaction. I do not know if you accepted them as I have explained; otherwise, we can discuss these points item by item because I have given my notes from the points in your Manava-dharma ideas. Now, if you have accepted, that is alright. If not, I shall be glad to know your reasons why they cannot be accepted.

Anyway, I am going to Los Angeles on the 20th of June. So, your reply may be sent to my Los Angeles address which is as follows: 3764 Watseka Ave., Los Angeles, California, 90034, USA.

Thanking you once more for your letter, and I beg to remain,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
