---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gopala Krsna — July 14, 1975",
    "h1":"Gopala Krsna — July 14, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Gopala Krsna — July 14, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

Bombay

My dear Gopala Krishna das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated July 4, 6, & 8th, 1975 and have noted the contents. Regarding Vrindaban, yes purchase immediately that land at Rs. 20/-. I have already advised the bank to issue one letter of credit for up to Rs. one lakh. If the cost is more, then we shall pay. Atul Krishna Goswami has given a good certificate. Yes, everybody says like that, that I am incarnation of Caitanya Mahaprabhu. Actually Krishna and Krishna's representative are not different. Anything that is Krishna's is not different from Krishna. Therefore it is said saksadharitvena 'samasta sastrair. The spiritual master is accepted by all advanced devotees as Hari.

Regarding Narottamananda das, no he cannot marry a second wife. If he wants to do so, he can leave our temples. We will not support him and his wives. I have written to him separately in this matter.

Yes, you can use BBT payments from the temples for printing the books. I paid Giriraja three lakhs from the Book Fund and Gargamuni was also given money from the Book Fund. Besides this there are the regular collections, so use this money.

The paper sample you have sent is not at all good. It is third class. If good paper is not available then we shall not print. If the printer is getting import license to import books for selling, why we are not getting? What have we done that we are not getting this license? Why are we prohibited from selling our books, and the others can do it? How are they paying for the books? Are they sending out foreign exchange as payment? The best thing will be for them to get import license to import paper. We shall supply them the paper. But this paper you have sent is not approved. It is not even half as good as the paper supplied from Japan.

Who is writing complaints? I have not received any complaints about your management.

I have no objection to Bhurijana going to Hong Kong and Pancadravida Swami going to South America. That is nice if you can arrange it.

Regarding Bhagavata das, I received report that he was talking privately in his room with a woman, and if anybody would try to come in, then he would get angry, saying get out, get out. What is this? In India private talks with woman are immediately condemned. He is a good preacher, but it is very dangerous to close the door with woman, and then he becomes angry if anybody comes. Lust is so strong that if it is obstructed it turns into anger. Brahmananda Swami and Bhavananda Swami also confirm that he has this tendency. All women should be sent from Calcutta to Mayapur. No women should be in Calcutta. Woman is good and man is good, but if you combine them, then both become bad, unless there is regulation.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
