---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — August 4, 1975",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — August 4, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — August 4, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Madhudvisa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Madhudvisa
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-08-04
showdate_hidden  : 2023-08-04
To_letters       : Madhudvisa
Date_letter      : August 4
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : Detroit
----

Melbourne

My dear Madhudvisa Swami:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your GBC report and have noted the contents carefully. Yes, it is good that you are sending everybody on Sankirtana party, and also that everybody is taking prasada together. This is all very good. And, the cutting of the long hairs is also good. They should all adopt our means of life, and we should behave in such a way that others may follow.

Regarding Sydney, that the President has left, if one does not follow the regulative principles, then he will leave. That is a fact. Has somebody else been elected? This is the function of the GBC, to see that one may not be taken away by maya. The GBC should all be the instructor gurus. I am in the initiator guru, and you should be the instructor guru by teaching what I am teaching and doing what I am doing. This is not a title, but you must actually come to this platform. This I want.

Regarding Adelaide, unless you are sure that the Deity worship will go on nicely, do not install the Deity. Simply have kirtana and keep the Panca-tattva picture, that's all. What are the ingredients of the Lord Caitanya murti? Metal or wood is best, but not ordinary wood. Neem wood which is never attacked by moth is best. Regarding New Zealand Spiritual Sky, that you must decide. Spiritual Sky is not important.

Regarding Fiji, you can decide what to do there. I have written Mr. Punja to lease the land to us in the name of ISKCON for 99 years. Yes, it is all right for you to observe Caturmasya if you can manage in the mornings. The Deities should be offered the regular prasada. The Deities are not devotees. They are Lords. But, it is a fact that Lord Caitanya observed, as we find in Caitanya Caritamrta, but it is not necessary for Them to follow there in your temple.

Regarding your Ratha Yatra and my visit, nothing should be done according to my schedule. I am an old man. My visits should remain independent. As far as possible I am travelling, but nowadays I am feeling a little inconvenience. Still I am thinking to go to Australia during December or January as you like.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
