~~Title: Letter to: Kurusrestha — September 26, 1975~~
~~bc: Kurusrestha — September 26, 1975~~

====== Letter to: Kurusrestha ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Kurusrestha
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-09-26
showdate_hidden  : 2020-09-26
To_letters       : Kurusrestha
Date_letter      : September 26
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : Ahmedabad
----

Denver

My dear Kurusrestha das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated September 13, 1975 and have noted the contents with pleasure. The District Court has given us the permission "for as long as the country lasts." Were these exact words used in the judgement? This is very funny. The judge is a very funny man. He should be sent a congratulation letter. This should be quoted. Actually any gentleman should be a little humorous.

So Krishna has given you the chance to spread Krishna consciousness so long your country lasts. So try to sell a similar quantity of books every day as you are now doing and that will encourage me. And you can offer your heartiest thanks to the justice because he has given us such a great facility. May by the grace of Krishna your country last forever, and may the justice also live a long time and may you go on selling books. That is my desire.

Your country is very much liked by me, and I am sure that if your country takes this Krishna consciousness movement than nobody will be able to vanquish America at any time. With this aim in view try to convert your great country to become krishna conscious. There is a good chance for it, so if you try, you can do it. That is my opinion. I like America very much. So many good boys have come to me from America. Unless your country is good, how could good boys and girls come? You are not poverty sticken. That is a great qualification. You have all good qualities. You are open-minded people. So please go on breaking every month the records of how money you send to BBT. The more you go on in this way, the more your country will go on everlastingly. I see in your country that the girls are being exploited. They are taught to be independent so they become the playthings for sex. So where is the freedom? I want that they live, man and wife together, chant Hare Krishna and be happy.

When I was in Denver I saw the temple very nice. You have great potential for spreading Krishna consciousness there. So if you organize things, it will be very nice. That the people are receiving you nicely, these are all signs of improvement. You have to be determined in your preaching, and at the same time remain humble. The two brother Jagai and Madhai injured Lord Nityananda, but still he continued to preach, and they became great Vaisnavas. In the beginning we have to face awkward situations, but if we stick to our principles and continue to preach, things will come round to our favor. The University wants you because they have seen it is as a good movement. Stick to our principles and be humble even if there is provocation; and things will come out successful. This is the instruction of Caitanya Mahaprabhu, trnad api sunicena.

Regarding your festivals with prasadam, yes do it occasionally. There is no need of accumulating wealth more. You can get wealth more, and also spend wealth more. This is brahmanaism. Get and spend, but not to spoil and squander. This example should be shown to others. That the City was paying you means that they are appreciating. Gradually they will all appreciate very much.

Upon your recommendation I am accepting the following as my initiated disciples and there spiritual names are as follows:

Mike Puglise---Govardhanadhari das

Cheryl Puglise---Gopanandakari devi dasi

Christina Mills---Pradhanagopika dasi

Scott Byrnes---Yajnopabhokta das\\
Please see that they follow the four regulative principles strictly and chant 16 rounds daily, and they will remain strong in Krishna consciousness. I also give brahminical initiation to Puja dasi. The mantra sheet is enclosed. She can hear at the fire sacrifice my tape recording through the right ear.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
