~~Title: Letter to: W.J. Carpenter — November 30, 1975~~
~~bc: W.J. Carpenter — November 30, 1975~~

====== Letter to: W.J. Carpenter ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : W.J. Carpenter
ListDate_hidden  : 1975-11-30
showdate_hidden  : 2021-11-30
To_letters       : W.J. Carpenter
Date_letter      : November 30
Year_letter      : 1975
Place_letter     : New Delhi
----

My dear W.J. Carpenter,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated nil.

Material life means attachment for women, children, friends, countrymen, position, wealth, and good name. In the Srimad-Bhagavatam material existence is compare to a forest full of plunderers, dacoits, jackals, tigers and other ferocious animals. The jackals are compare to one's wife and children. In the dead of the night jackals cry very loudly, and similarly one's wife and children in this material world also cry like jackals. The children say, "Father is wanted: give me this, I am your dear son." Or the wife says, "I am your dear wife. Please give me this. This is now needed." In this way one is plundered by the thieves in the forest. Not knowing the aim of human life, one is constantly being misguided. The aim of life is Visnu, or Krishna (Na te vidhu svartha-gatim hi visnum) Everyone works very hard to earn money, but no one knows that his real work is to serve Krishna, the supreme Personality of Godhead. Instead of spending money to advance the cause of Krishna consciousness, one spends his hard earned money on clubs, brothels, liquor, drugs cigarettes, slaughterhouses and so forth. All these activities are sinful, and because we are engaged in such sinful activities constantly we are constantly reaping the result of our sinful work, which is suffering in one way or another.

But even if one is pious he cannot escape from the sufferings of material existence in the shape of Birth, death, old age and disease. Therefore the only solution to all problems of life social economic, or political is to surrender to Krishna. Krishna says "the material nature is very difficult to overcome, but one who has surrendered unto me can very easily cross beyond it." So to surrender to Krishna is not difficult all we have to do is follow the instructions given by Krishna in Bhagavad-gita under the guidance of his representative, the spiritual master.

So you are already chanting Hare Krishna, now simply try to give up these four habits of sinful life, and the best way to be successful in this attempt is to associate with the devotees of the Lord. Therefore we have established so many temples of Krishna. You simply go there, the devotees are very kind, you will be welcome and by their association automatically you will make advancement and purify your life. We have got a temple in London, 7 Bury Place WC I and one in Herts. Given to us by George Harrison. So you go there and everything else will come.

I hope this letter finds you well.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
