---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ramesvara — November 14, 1975",
    "h1":"Ramesvara — November 14, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Ramesvara — November 14, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Ramesvara ======

Los Angeles

My dear Ramesvara das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your October BBT report dated November 5, 1975 and have noted the contents. The report of the BBT Library Party is very encouraging to me that the main library of Harvard told us they would be honored to complete the collection of our books. Just see. This is wonderful. Still University of New Brunswick has ordered our books even though they do not order religious books. This is a success. This quote by the head of their religion department of Oberlin is very important: "I think the best feature of the Hare Krsna Movement is that it is providing scholars with authorized translations of the rarest books on Krsna-bhakti." This should be quoted and printed in a pamphlet. Also the fact that at Colorado Springs Library that 8 volumes of their Bhagavatams had been take out 7 times in the past year. This should be published. You print one poster, big type, and put the quotation of the Oberlin professor. You can title it: How Our Book Are Being Received and have the quotation of the professor, the professor's remarks. This will be a good advertisement for our books.

This book distribution, that was my Guru Maharaja's purpose. He said that I have got so many temples and now in Calcutta I have got a marble temple, but I would have wished that if by selling the marbles I could publish and distribute books. Now by the mercy of His Divine Grace Sri Srimad Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Gosvami Maharaja Prabhupada I am doing both by the co-operation of my American disciples. I am constructing so many marble temples and I am distributing so many books on Krsna consciousness. This does not mean that I am excelling my Guru Maharaja, but it is the mercy of my Guru Maharaja that he is giving me the facility for doing both.

That is good that Ranadhira is taking over BBT mail order.

I hope the meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/BS/mdd
