---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sukadeva — November 9, 1975",
    "h1":"Sukadeva — November 9, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Sukadeva — November 9, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Sukadeva ======

Honolulu

My dear Sukadeva das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 3, 1975 and have noted the contents. Regarding your question about prosecuting Manasvi, this is a local management problem. Do I have to say on this matter? So Gurukrpa has given you the instruction. So therefore you should issue some warrant. But why has Gurukrpa advised you if you are unable to do it? Why are you asking me this question? Stop this business.

Regarding putting in the new temple floor, marble, and extending the Deity room, yes, that is nice. And your plans to have marble Panca-Tattva Deities, that is also good. You ask whether you should make your life's endeavor to have a temple on every island, but I say first of all improve the present temple, then talk of others.

Regarding your request for initiation. I am accepting the following as my initiated disciples and their names are as follows: Steve Frederick Ricciardi---Puranarsi; Eric Duncan Botts---Santiparayana; Michael Stanely Misiak---Dharmajivana; David John Smith---Ādi Karta; Ronald McClelland---Sarvasatya; Michael Delare Bodhaine---Munisvara; Carissa Annette Crammer---Mahavisnupriya. And for second initiation I accept the following as twice-born brahmanas: Godruma das Brahmacari, Bharata das Brahmacari and Daksa das Brahmacari. Enclosed are their sanctified threads and mantra sheets. You should hold a fire sacrifice and it is your responsibility to see that these devotees strictly follow the rules and regulations such as minimum chanting of 16 rounds daily and following the four regulative principles as well as attending the aroti and the classes. You should lecture to these devotees on the importance of this for their progress in spiritual life, otherwise they will again be carried away by __maya.__

I hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. I have received one letter from Trivikrama Maharaja requesting that Sacideva das and his Japanese wife and two children come immediately to Japan. He is required there. So I request you that you should send him there immediately. This is very important. He also has a valid missionary visa for Japan so his presence is required there now. ACBS.\\
ACBS/BS/mdd
