---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dvarakesa — January 18, 1976",
    "h1":"Dvarakesa — January 18, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Dvarakesa — January 18, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dvarakesa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Dvarakesa
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-01-18
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-18
To_letters       : Dvarakesa
Date_letter      : January 18
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

Sweden

My dear Dvarakesa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated Narayana 21.

You have asked how you can thank me. Whether you thank me or not, if you understand the importance of this Krishna Consciousness Movement, that is my success. The whole world is thinking in the bodily conception of life and thus remaining like animals. The animals cannot be happy but people want to keep themselves like animals. For peace they are barking in the United Nations. Croaking toads who think they are making a big conference, and then one day the snake of death comes and swallows them up.

If there is possibility to preach amongst the communists, you must do it immediately. The intelligent communist people will very easily understand our philosophy. We can convince them on the basis of samah sarvesu bhutesu, a Krishna conscious person is equally disposed to every living entity (B.G. 18:54). You become a communist and make the present imperfect idea of communism perfect. The idea of the communist philosophy is that the state should be benefited. But the state being imperfect, the living entities other than the human beings cannot derive any profit. It is therefore no better than the capitalists. For the benefit of the human beings, the capitalist kills the poor animals. Similarly, the communist does the same thing. Where is the difference? Perfect communism is in the Srimad-Bhagavatam wherein it is stated that you feel for the poor animals as well as the human beings. Srimad-Bhagavatam instructs that even if there is a snake or lizard in the house, it is the duty of the householder to see that they are also eating, not starving. So you have to begin your preaching with such broader idea of communism.

So this is a good wish for Krishna's service. If it is possible take immediate opportunity for it. So far as coming out of Hungary once you enter, if you can preach what is the need of coming out?

Hoping this meets you in the best of health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
