~~Title: Letter to: Tusta Krsna — January 9, 1976~~
~~bc: Tusta Krsna — January 9, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Tusta Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Tusta Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-01-09
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-09
To_letters       : Tusta Krsna
Date_letter      : January 9
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Bombay
----

Auckland, New Zealand

My dear Tusta Krishna Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter sent in September, which has only now reached me, having been redirected a number of times. I am very pleased to get your report.

Your home to home preaching is very good. The important thing is to make arrangements that they hear and chant. That will make your preaching successful. Once they begin chanting then automatically they will want to follow the rules and regulations, attend Arati, take Prasadam, etc.

Yes, try to encourage book distribution as much as possible. Books are the basis of our Movement. Whatever appreciation we are getting on account of our books, it is because we are following the path chalked out by exalted devotees. We are not writing something whimsical. So far devotees being hesitant to distribute books on account of pressure, sometimes pressure is required, especially when one is not so advanced. Of course it has to be applied properly, otherwise there may be some bad taste. But spontaneous service can only be expected from advanced devotees. Just like a child by pressure goes to school and is made to read. Then after some time he wants to read, even without pressure. We have all got experience of this. It is vaidhi bhakti---vaidhi means "must." Sometimes devotees are promised a plate of maha-prasadam for the biggest distributer. There is no harm. Actually one should try to serve Krishna to his or her full capacity without thought of reward---service is itself the reward. But this takes time to actually realize and until that platform is achieved some pressure or inducement is required.

I am glad to know that a restaurant has been started. In Hawaii you may have seen that the restaurant is very successful. Now that boy's money will be used properly. Instead of maintaining a slaughterhouse, he is paying for prasadam distribution. Very good. But we should not waste time encouraging vegetarianism as opposed to meat eating. We want to encourage prasadam taking and that is automatically vegetarian. The karmis are concerned for vegetarian-non-

[PAGE MISSING]

Bhakti-sastri, Bhakti-vaibhava, Bhaktivedanta, and Bhakti-sarvabhauma. All our brahmanas and anyone wanting to become brahmana, will have to sit for examination once a year at Mayapur. They will be expected to know Bhagavad-gita, Nectar of Devotion, Nectar of Instruction, Sri Isopanisad, a book soon to be published on Deity worship, as well as all the small paperbacks. If they pass the examination they will be awarded Bhakti-sastri certificate. Sannyasis will be asked to sit for Bhakti-vaibhava examination which will include the first six cantos of Bhagavatam.

In our Vedic Universities we will not encourage anyone to be merely a bookworm. There must be life---rising early in the morning, attending mangala arati, taking prasadam, etc. The man who is studying will be brahmana, the farmer will be vaisya. In this way there will be divisions, but they are all one in service to Krishna.

I hope this meets you in the best of health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
