---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — January 22, 1976",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — January 22, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — January 22, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Satsvarupa
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-01-22
showdate_hidden  : 2023-01-22
To_letters       : Satsvarupa
Date_letter      : January 22
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Mayapur
----

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your Zonal report for December dated January 13rd, 1976. Your November report was also received by me and I have replied it on the 5th January. By now you should have received it.

I am always very much pleased with our Library Party's preaching. Their work is most important. Ramesvara has sent me some recent review from Professors and there is no doubt that these intelligent men are deriving benefit from reading my books. These reviews make me very encouraged. also, the Krishna Consciousness Movement is Authorized has come out very nicely. The review or appreciation of your lecture sent by the professor shows that they are appreciating how nicely our men can present this perfect philosophy of Krishna Consciousness. Go on vigorously expanding this preaching. You are proceeding in the right way. It is good that now you have arranged for independent support of the party.

The church proposal in Houston is a good offer. I think somehow or other the BBT must give you loan for it is a worthy cause. The photographs of the St. Louis farm appear very nice. There seems to be ample grazing ground. In India you can't get such nice land, but there is enough good land in America. Just introduce this new type of Krishna Conscious civilization and the whole world will thank you.

I have seen that the Temples in your zone are now leaders in Book Distribution in their respective categories. Particularly Miami, Gainesville, and Houston. I am glad to see that Abhirama is doing well. He is a very intelligent boy. Now he is concentrating on book distribution so there will be no difficulty. This should be our first business. Temple opening is secondary. Yes, I approve Amarendra's program to have the men go out on book distribution and distribute the feast at the Temple instead of at the college. Regarding closing the Phoenix center, since there is no Deity installed, it can be closed if you decide to do so.

I hope this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
