~~Title: Letter to: Jayatirtha — May 18, 1976~~
~~bc: Jayatirtha — May 18, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Jayatirtha ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayatirtha
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-05-18
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-18
To_letters       : Jayatirtha
Date_letter      : May 18
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Honolulu
----

Bhaktivedanta Manor

My dear Jayatirtha Das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 9, 1976, and I have noted the contents with care.

The house that you mentioned in London, if it is necessary, I approve the L40,000 loan. There is another Hindu very sympathetic by the name of Mr. Modi. See if he cannot be of some service in the absence of Mr. Samani. It is very encouraging to hear the reports of increased sankirtana. Go on like this more and more.

Concerning the situation in Germany: So you are the right man to train them up. It is Krsna's desire that Hansadutta is replaced by you. I have certified that you are our first class temple manager in our society. A little change is invigorating, so try to serve me to the best of your capacity. As Harikesa Maharaja appears to be very nicely there, why not Harikesa Swami be your assistant.

Your plan to print the books in German language is thoroughly approved by me. Make the same propaganda as in America to attract the scholarly world. Do it immediately. It doesn't matter where you print the books. You can print with Dai Nippon or in India. But why not Germany? We have got money in Germany, and you can present the bill to the bank for payment. Whatever the case may be, print books and present the bill to the bank. It is a good case in our favor. We are printing books in Germany in the German language. So why the money is frozen? Some good lawyer should be gotten. It will be good publicity and at the same time we will have the books. Whether the money was collected illegally or legally, the money is being spent in Germany. it is not going outside so why it is being held up illegally. Let it be spent in Germany. That is our money, there's no dispute. It is not the aim of our society to mislead the public; you can show them our aims. Maybe some workers have done like that but we are trying to enlighten the whole world and the people of Germany with good knowledge. You can show them the full set of books that we are going to print in the German language, and use all of the professors quotes to show how authoritative our books are amongst the scholarly circle throughout the world. So it is not the aim of our society to exploit money for drinking, illicit sex, etc. These are not the aims and objects of our society. If some individual did wrong, the society is not held responsible. The society's aim is to build men and women of character and knowledge. We live a simply life based on the aims and objects of our society. If some individuals have done wrong it shouldn't jeopardize our entire community. People accustomed to all nasty habits have joined our society and are leading pure, happy lives. They want to take the money from us, but who will take payment of all that money that we collected to fulfill the aims of our society? Convince them that, never mind, in your opinion it was collected illegally, but it is being spent in Germany for a good cause. These books are being appreciated all over the world. Let the money be paid to the printer, whatever it may be it is being paid to the German people. In the meantime print the books, that will save us. When the educated circle supports our movement, there is no danger. We have already printed some books in German language.

So what is the loss on their part? We are spending the money in Germany. Print the books; get the government to pay the bill (allow us to spend the frozen money for payment of the books; if the court decides that we must pay the money to the government, then at least we must be able to print the books, pay the bill, and after selling the books we can pay the government as a last resort. Our mission is for enlightenment.

You will require an intelligent lawyer. Collect the opinions and standing orders from all over the world and present it to a first class lawyer to present on our behalf very nicely.

Please keep me informed of the developments there. I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
