~~Title: Letter to: Gopala Krsna — May 20, 1976~~
~~bc: Gopala Krsna — May 20, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gopala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-05-20
showdate_hidden  : 2020-05-20
To_letters       : Gopala Krsna
Date_letter      : May 20
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Honolulu
----

Bombay

My dear Gopala Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your report dated May 4, 1976, and I have noted the contents with care.

So far that your request for funds to construct Vrindaban Gurukula, is concerned, I approve your plan to take one lac (Rs. 1 lac), out of the money that Bombay receives from Los Angeles. That will leave Bombay with Rs. 6 lacs monthly as you pointed out. I trust that by now you have rented the house in Delhi and there is no immediate difficulty for finding a place in Delhi at present.

You mentioned that the chief minister of Haryana promised to give me land in Kuruksetra for constructing our project there, but where is his letter? We must have this in writing. You mentioned that there is not much land available next to the Bengali temple. That will not suit us. In any case send me a site sketch of the available land, giving length and breadth. However, we do not want some land on one side of the canal and some land on the other side of the canal. All the land must be in one piece, together, not separately. If the government gives us 30 acres of land then we shall attempt, otherwise, let it be postponed. We are not anxious to construct next to the Bengali temple, but send the dimensions of the available land in any case.

The Gurukula in Bombay was to be financed by Brig Mohan Mota. Giriraja, myself, and he talked together.

Now concerning Vrindaban, there is no need to move the mukhuts business to the new house given by Mr. Taparia. It is not safe there, and you will have to employ 3 guards at expense of 500-600 Rupees so what is the use. Let the mukhuts business remain in the guesthouse, however, we must free the other space in the guesthouse. Let all the women and children live in the Taparia house. The daily Gurukula can also be held at the Taparia house. When the Gurukula construction is completed, then the grhasthas can live on the third floor of the new building, but for now they can utilize the Taparia house for women and children, and the brahmacaris can remain in the guesthouse. The mukhut business should be given one room for working in the guesthouse. Do not move all the valuable stock to Taparia house, as it is risky. For protection of the Taparia house, why use barbed wire. Better to build a wall around it of bricks. Barbed wire can be destroyed very easily. Also, send me a plan of the Taparia house, and do not construct any more rooms there at present. When the Gurukula is completed the third floor will be available. So it is not necessary to spend the proposed Rs. 25,000, and neither the Rs. 10,000 for the extra room there.

The devotees should attend mangala arati at the temple otherwise it will become a household affair. So according to the situation see that if at all possible the devotees staying at the Taparia house can come to the temple for Mangala arati. If not do not insist.

Concerning the rooms for Mr. Badruka in Bombay; they are rich men and they can rent or purchase some other place in Bombay. Why they are utilizing our facility? They have already put us into inconvenience by occupying, but what is this that they are taking it permanently. It is a guest room, not for permanent occupancy.*

Concerning the book printing: why are you having Thompson Press import the paper? We can do it ourselves and save the commission that they would take; also we will not be bound to Thompson Press if we have our own paper. Gurukrpa Swami can send the paper from Japan. In that way he can get money out of Japan in the form of paper, for printing books. Why through Thompson Press we must purchase paper, and then export our books? We can purchase paper and export books ourselves. Simply we pay the printing costs, that's all. First thing you will have to take license of import-export. If we are going to get the Delhi land, we can do the whole business in Delhi, importing through Bombay and Calcutta. If the whole thing turns out cheaper and efficient, then we can print all our books there, so long the quality is not diminished. There is law that what you export, to that value, you can import, so part of the payment can be in paper from Japan, so we get as much as possible paper in profit, in addition to payment for the books. If this can be arranged, I do not know. If Thompson Press can import, why we can't import. Then we can also print where we choose and we save so much money in every respect.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks\\
n.b. Which devotee is giving the Hindi lecture in the Vrindaban temple?\\
*There are so many flats available in the vicinity. Why do they not take? Why they should create inconvenience to our workers? This is not at all good.
