---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhargava — May 29, 1976",
    "h1":"Bhargava — May 29, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhargava — May 29, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhargava ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Bhargava
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-05-29
showdate_hidden  : 2023-05-29
To_letters       : Bhargava
Date_letter      : May 29
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Honolulu
----

New Delhi

My dear Bhargava das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 25, 1976, along with samples of the Gitar Gan and the cover in for the Bhagavat-darsana.

No, the printing of the Gitar Gan cover this fashion is not at all approved by me. You have done most nonsensically. Why change the cover? When people look to see the Bhagavad-gita they expect to see Krishna and Arjuna, not the picture of Krishna with cow. You have done a great mistake by changing the front picture and it will hamper the sale. In future you don't do any changes without asking me first.

Simply because there is no stock of books, we can do anything whimsically??? Is this logic? Gita is not spoken in Vrindaban, it is spoken on the battlefield of Kuruksetra, but this is Vrindaban picture. That chariot drive by 4 horses, that is the real Kuruksetra picture. It is not that because there is no stock we can do whimsically as we like and lose the idea, that is rasa-bhasa. Because there is no bread, you take stone to eat? There is no stock of bread so you will take stone??? The front picture is most important thing and you have changed it. It must remain standard, and not change. Also, the lettering is not nice on the cover. You could have taken a color picture of Krishna and Arjuna and used it black and white (one color) on the front cover. Just as you did with the inside back cover of the Bhagavat darsana, the original picture of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu was in color but you have printed it in black and white. You could have done this on the front cover with Krishna and Arjuna on the Battlefield of Kuruksetra, but the cover must not be changed.

Concerning the Bhagavat darsana cover, this Hindi on the back is not good. Who is translating this? Also, the address on the back of our Vrindaban Temple is not correctly spelled. It has been spelled Chattakara Road; But it should be Chattikara Road. Who is proof-reading?

I am glad to see that some Hindi translating is going on but what about that other boy who was translating The Srimad-Bhagavatam in Vrindaban? Do not do anything whimsically in future, and you can write me if you have questions concerning the printing.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
