~~Title: Letter to: Gopala Krsna — June 24, 1976~~
~~bc: Gopala Krsna — June 24, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gopala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-06-24
showdate_hidden  : 2022-06-24
To_letters       : Gopala Krsna
Date_letter      : June 24
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : New Vrindaban
----

My dear Gopala Krsna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated June 12, 1976 and with enclosed news clipping, and I have noted the contents with care.

That Mrs. Kochar, she should be brought in to court, immediately. The Hare Krishna Cult is bona fide, why she should say otherwise. She must withdraw this statement publically. It is Vedic culture. We have so many letters from professors, parents, other swamis, and even in the Encyclopedia Brittanica. All the Gaudiya Maths and Vaisnava Goswamis should join us in fighting this. This must be done very seriously. She should be removed from her post and a responsible person should be there. Therefore, I have wanted to have this Bajaj meeting. In India we have so many things to do. I am sending some copies of some letters to you which you will find enclosed.

Now you can utilize your knowledge of marketing for Krishna's service. idam hi pumsas tapasya srutasya va svistasysa suktasya ca buddhi dattayo, etc. [[books:sb:1:5:22|(SB 1.5.22)]] This is the perfection of education. Gurukula education should be trained up for their character. I have already mentioned in the Srimad-Bhagavatam. Simply they should be able to read our books in English and sanskrit, and explain. That is compulsory.

This business of Yasodanandana's party giving life membership to libraries should be stopped. I am also informing him in Hyderabad that the program must be standard all over India, just as they have had so much success in America and are very respected also.

Concerning the book exchange from Russia or wherever, first of all see if they can be exchanged, sold, in India. Otherwise we do not want to trouble ourselves with their rubbish literature. If it is not possible to sell their books, then if the Russian institutions take order, we can send them some variety of our books, like Bhagavad-gita, one Srimad-Bhagavatam, one Caitanya-caritamrta, etc., like that. What about the boy in Vrindaban who was translating the Bhagavatam into Hindi? Also, do not print the Back-to-Godhead magazine in English. First of all you organize Hindi BTG up to 100,000 copies, then you think of English. Don't bother too many things at a time. Concerning the book to be written by Mr. Verma, what will he write? Does he know everything about our philosophy?

Concerning the new bhakta program, unless one is educated, we should not admit anyone and everyone without discrimination. One who has got culture and education, he can be accepted. Yasomatinandana would be better to go to Bombay and do the Gujarati publications and from time to time he can organize programs in Ahmedabad. That will be better.

Concerning Hariprasada Badruka, he must leave and not create any inconvenience to us. However, if he gives in writing that he will stay up to the end of December, 1976 only, we can give him one room and a kitchen. That's all.

Concerning Kuruksetra project, I have already replied to you concerning this in my letter to you of May 20, 1976, addressed to Bombay address.

Concerning Saurabha's ideas of having plays, When I go I'll personally see; for the time being however stop all these.

Concerning the printing of the Bhagavad-gita in India, we cannot pay more than America. It must be lower price than America, otherwise it is useless.

Concerning the issue of taxes and tax exemption, the divisional commissioner who was our chief guest one day in Vrindaban the last festival in April, 1976, he is from Agra and he is also favorable. He ordered all of our books and he may be able to help in this connection.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

cc: Vrindaban\\
ACBS/pks
