~~Title: Letter to: Purusottama — June 4, 1976~~
~~bc: Purusottama — June 4, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Purusottama ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Purusottama
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-06-04
showdate_hidden  : 2023-06-04
To_letters       : Purusottama
Date_letter      : June 4
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Lusaka, Zambia

My dear Purusottama Das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated April 6, 1976, which has been forwarded to me by our Nairobi centre as you had requested there in.

Life cannot be prolonged by heart transplant. You cannot increase the duration of life. One can perhaps give some relief to disease, that is another thing, but the duration of life is destined. From the dead body, one cannot bring life. Similarly, it may appear that one is prolonging the duration of life by medicines or heart transplant, but that is not the case. If one lives 4 years after having had a heart transplant, then by nature's law he was destined to live four years with or without having had a heart transplant. So what is the value of heart transplant?

Only by the yogic process can one prolong the life. By stopping the breathing process, keeping in samadhi, the breath period is not being misused, and he increases the life span. Therefore, destiny can only be changed by devotional service or yoga. Otherwise, what you must suffer, you must suffer, and what you must enjoy, you must enjoy. For a devotee however, whatever it may be, he takes the opportunity to chant Hare Krishna, and if by Krishna's Grace destiny is changed, then it is alright. Nature's law will work. We cannot change that, but Krishna, the Supreme Controller, He can change it; just like if a man is sentenced to be hanged, no one, not even the judge can pardon him, except the king or president. He only can excuse the offender. Similarly, I have to execute Krishna's order, and suppose I have to suffer to execute this order. Therefore, devotional service and the devotee is so dear to Krishna. The devotee is prepared to die at any moment, but he simply wants to be engaged in Krishna's service. "I am suffering, I cannot carry out the order of Krishna. . ." This line of thinking is sense gratification. Suppose a devotee had to suffer in preaching work, just like Haridasa Thakura or Prahlada Maharaja. Prahlada's father, Hiranyakasipu was giving so much trouble, but to Prahlada it was not trouble. He was simply concerned to see that others who were suffering might take to Krsna Consciousness. That is the Vaisnava's concern. For myself, let me go to hell, I can chant Hare Krishna, but the Vaisnava is simply lamenting for the nondevotees who must go immediately from the room? No. The living body or the dead body, either way it is the same, simply earth, air, water, fire, and ether.

What is the proof that they have gone to the moon? Why they are not now utilizing it, and they simply remain quiet? They have simply squandered so much money but there is no proof that they went. A foolish man squanders and does nothing and still we are to believe that they are scientists? According to the Bhagavad-gita, yanti deva vrta devan . . . without the necessary qualification, namely visa, etc., one cannot even go to another country what to speak of another planet, and the moon planet, Candra-loka, being a heavenly planet, how can we accept that they have gone to the moon? Our point is that they are accepting foolish men as scientists.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
