~~Title: Letter to: Jayapataka — June 6, 1976~~
~~bc: Jayapataka — June 6, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Jayapataka
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-06-06
showdate_hidden  : 2020-06-06
To_letters       : Jayapataka
Date_letter      : June 6
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Los Angeles
----

Mayapur

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 24, 1976, and I have noted the contents with care.

Concerning the "report" which you submitted to the District Magistrate in Nadia District, you mentioned only 300 acres being given to us. I think that we originally had asked for 350 acres. There is no objection that they give the land in two phases as mentioned but the total land required was 350 acres as I recall. What kind of jobs does the M.L.A. want? Yes, in such a big scheme, so many assistants will be required. So any qualified men's assistance will be considered. Do your best and simply depend on Krishna. We are not acquiring the land for sense gratification. It is for Krishna's Glory. nimitta-matram bhava savyascin. 11.33. Just like Arjuna was asked to fight by Krishna, so it was Prabhupada's dream to make Mayapur a transcendental city. What do we care for Madhava Maharaja or Damodara Maharaja. They are figs. We must be fixed. Just see; Madhava Maharaja is against us and he was supposed to be the greatest preacher.

I am very much encouraged by Bhavananda Swami and Gargamuni Swami's preaching attempts. Now we have just published 30,000 Gita-Gan's (although I am not satisfied with the new cover, why they have changed?). So go on preaching very very nicely. Everyone will like our program.

*Concerning my house in Mayapur, I have requested Saurabha in Bombay to postpone any idea for beginning the house until we have the master plan of the city. I may decide to move the location away from the front gate to a more secluded place, less congested area. Also, I am not satisfied with the plan that he had submitted to me. I had seen one plan in London which I would like to compare to the present plan. I am enclosing a copy of the letter which I sent to Saurabha and Giriraja in Bombay concerning this matter explaining in more detail about this. So the house should not be started until I choose a place for it in the master city-plan.

Concerning the fixed deposit with the bank, we must know what is the minimum amount that they would consider, then we can decide on the matter.

Concerning the festivals, it is a very good idea to have festivals on the major celebrations, at least 4-5 each year.

Concerning the request for another vehicle for preaching, you mentioned the cost of $9,500, Ramesvara Maharaja has informed me that Gargamuni Swami still owes $13,000 or so from when he was in America to the BBT. Ramesvara Maharaja has proposed that Gargamuni Swami purchase the vehicle and then Ramesvara could deduct this amount from Gargamuni's debt with BBT.

I have noted how the Block Development Officer was favorable inclined. So the officials are in favor.

Concerning Prabhu Svarupa das of Haridasa-pur, he is a good man so utilize him.

Concerning the deposit slips which you are holding for me, where were these deposits made? And how many deposits were made? What is the amounts? You can hold these deposit slips for me until I ask for them.

So you are using that newsclipping from Melbourne. Actually it is a fact. The United Nations is barking like dogs, what have they done? Any sane man can understand that after 30 years they are simply barking.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
