~~Title: Letter to: Gopala Krsna — July 11, 1976~~
~~bc: Gopala Krsna — July 11, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Gopala Krsna ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Gopala Krsna
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-07-11
showdate_hidden  : 2022-07-11
To_letters       : Gopala Krsna
Date_letter      : July 11
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : New York
----

My dear Gopala Krishna das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 26, 1976 with enclosed photos of the New Delhi Temple. So many people are coming to the New Delhi Temple because of the nice Deity worship. This is very good. Keep the standard of Deity worship very nicely.

Why should we invest money in a guest room for the New Delhi Temple? After all the house is rented and is someone else's property, so why we should invest money in the house? We cannot receive guests in the New Delhi Temple. It is not possible. Only our own workers should remain. Unpaid guests should be discouraged in New Delhi. This should be discussed in the GBC meetings. No investment should be made. In a rented house we should not spend unreasonable amounts for alterations. To be "big" you must have a dharmasala. One room guesthouse does not make Delhi "big." So far as possible, guests should be avoided in New Delhi and only workers should remain.

What happened to Jagat Purusa in Bombay? He is an experienced man in Bombay so why he should be changed to Delhi? This change of Presidents is to be made in the GBC meeting. In the middle of the year there is no question of change. Tejyas can continue as President. Three times changing president is not good. It should first be conjointly considered by the GBC.

Unless one is initiated they cannot cook. They must be regular disciples then they can do Deity worship. So there is no question of the outsiders cooking in the New Delhi temple.

The Rs. 32,000 should be spent for Gurukula in Vrindaban. Now the construction has begun and it must continue. Do not spend that Rs. 5,000 for alterations in the New Delhi Temple. Unless we have got our own land, where is the question of other projects in New Delhi. Let us continue in the rented house and see how things develop. If local people come and join and take initiation, then we can consider developing. Simply lip-sympathy will not do. They must be regular disciple, follow the regulative principles, and they will develop it themselves. Besides that book distribution and preaching is our most important activity. Opening temples is subordinate. We have to see how books are being distributed and how people are joining wholeheartedly. That is actual development.

The Rs. 11-membership is imagination. What is that membership card? And how will you regularly collect such a small sum from the members? It will engage so much money just to collect this. In any case, this is to be discussed with the GBC. Don't discuss anything new haphazardly. I have no experience of the idea. So far I know, retail business is not good in comparison to wholesale business. The Hyderabad Deity is already installed. Simply they are moving Them to their new temple. The installation ceremony (bathing ceremony) can be at noon. Then again there can be the regular Janmastami function at midnight. Concerning my going to Madras, Delhi, etc. there is first priority engagement contemplated with Mr. Bajaj's group in Poona. Giriraja can consult with Mr. Bajaj and get date fixed up then you can make the program. I have no objection however to the pandal in Madras.

So many standing orders are being taken out but they are not being executed. Why? I have written to Gargamuni Maharaja to gradually repay the BBT for the books that they are getting but you must immediately supply them books to supply their orders. They can gradually repay.

Sridhara Maharaja, if he is in Hong Kong, there is great need of introducing our Chinese literature. Chinese people are interested in India, and Vedic literatures. It is understood that they are purchasing other editions of Bhagavatam from India . . . why not approach the Chinese representative in Bombay for introducing our books. They are establishing good relations with India. In case Sridhara Maharaja cannot stay long in China, that will have to be discussed with Trivikrama Maharaja. But the Chinese Distribution is required.

I received information that Stoka Krishna has left Vrindaban and that they want to put the name of Haihaya on the bank accounts for signing. Kindly confirm, and also in the meantime Aksayananda Swami can sign checks and keep them safely in Vrindaban when Bishambar requires to make payments.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
