~~Title: Letter to: Balavanta — July 8, 1976~~
~~bc: Balavanta — July 8, 1976~~

====== Letter to: Balavanta ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Balavanta
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-07-08
showdate_hidden  : 2021-07-08
To_letters       : Balavanta
Date_letter      : July 8
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : New York
----

Atlanta

My dear Balavanta dasa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 26, 1976, with enclosures and I thank you very much.

Concerning the distinction between the innocent and the atheists, those who give time to listen to us are innocent. Those who naturally oppose us and have no time are atheists, because we are the only ones talking about God. We don't talk anything about politics, etc.

The name for the Tennessee community is "Murarisevak". On the farms we should have mainly grhasthas. Farms are especially meant for the grhasthas. Brahmins and sannyasis are meant for begging food grains from the grhasthas. They depend on the grhasthas and the grhasthas treat them as their children. As the child is not a burden for the parents, so brahmanas and sannyasis are not burden for the grhasthas. They simply take food grains to survive but they give transcendental knowledge for the benefit of society. They have no worries for producing and securing food. That is the business of grhasthas, but they devote their time to spreading spiritual knowledge. That is the system.

It is alright that the Charlotte temple be moved into the city a bit closer, but our principle is that people may come or not come, it doesn't matter. We can discuss and chant amongst ourselves.

By coming to America, the Indians have not improved their material condition. It is welcome that they have come to us. Wherever one lives he should continue Krishna Consciousness. The enclosed photo of the Mississippi farm Deities is very nice, super excellent. The Deity must be very nicely worshiped, dressed, and fed, etc. In so doing you will always be peaceful and enlivened. From the extra ghee, you can contact Boston restaurant. They can perhaps purchase it. Sell ghee and you'll have good income. If possible in the city of New Orleans, open one restaurant. Someone can go to Boston and see how they are organizing things. You can study the history of how cow-slaughter became prominent in the West and then use for preaching.

In Miami there are so many mangos and coconuts. I am enjoying the dobs from Florida. The orange ones especially are very nice. I am taking one each day. From the green mangos you can make pickles. Cut them into pieces with skin intact, and sprinkle with salt and turmeric. Dry them well in the sunshine and put into mustard oil. They will keep for years, and you can enjoy with eating. They are nice and soft and good for digestion. If no vegetable is available, you can eat them with puris, similarly with pickled chilis. When mango pickles and chili pickles are combined, it is very tasteful. The Miami temple sounds to be very nice with bathing place and peacocks, just like Vrindaban. Krishna will supply you everything, don't worry. Just work sincerely.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
