~~Title: Letter to: unknown 2 — , 28 September, 1976~~
~~bc: unknown 2 — , 28 September, 1976~~

====== Letter to: unknown 2 ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : unknown 2
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-09-28
showdate_hidden  : 2023-09-28
To_letters       : unknown 2
Date_letter      : September 28
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : 
----

Bhagavan Shri Krishna Chaitanya foretold, "The singing of My name is sure to be spread in every village and in every town throughout the world." In order to materialize this divine saying both Shri Shri Bhaktivinode Thakur and Prabhupada Shri Shri Bhakti Siddhanta Sarasvati Goswami tried their best and under their direction even at the old age of 70, I started for America. There, for a full one year I had to experience great difficulties in my single handed mission on this account, and at last at New York with the help of a few friends, we were successful to have the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) already formed during my stay there, registered in 1966 under the Local Government Rules. The intention was that the men of that continent may easily grasp the teachings as well as advice of Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu.

With the grace of Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu by and by ISKCON's 40 temples in America's important cities were constructed and throughout Europe in England, France, Germany, Italy and in Melbourne and Sydney in Australia, New Zealand, Auckland, Africa, Canada and Tehran and other places as well in the world all total of 102 such centres of ISKCON for distribution of Krishna cult were established. Amongst all these the very big temples in London, New York, Los Angeles, and Detroit can be specially mentioned. In these temples the minimum number of devotees attached is 50 and maximum 250 and they are engaged to distribute Krishna hymns leading an austentious life. Everywhere the Deity of Radha and Krishna is being worshiped. From India a large number of renowned persons frequently visit these temples throughout the world and they have made remarks to the effect that in each and every temple arrangements for daily worship and functions relating thereto are remarkably done smoothly and methodically. The artistic way of make up in all respects are exceptionally good and for all these a lot of expenses made towards everything are unparallel. The devotees attached to these temples out of natural devotion frequently visit to have a glance of the holy birthplace of Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu at Mayapur, Navadvipa, and that of Shri Krishna at Mathura and His lila-ksetra at Vrndavana, and that they do so in thousands.

Bharatavarsa land is a sacred place. Bhagavan Buddha was born here. Buddhists from different places in the world come to have a darshan of Gaya and Varanasi. What harms them if the devotees of Shri Krishna come here to have a darshan of the birthplaces of Shri Krishna and Shri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu? They are after being initiated with Vaisnavism by having their head shaved and keeping sikha and yajna-sutra and adorning with twelve tilakas, being engaged in Hari sankirtana are not all these things a pride for us Indians? But it is a matter of great regret that recently in my birthplace, West Bengal, there are some who are making agitations and various uncalled for remarks without knowing the real facts. All these have pained me to a great extent. Shri Krishna and His name Krishna are the same. Just after the advent of Shri Krishna, even while He was a mere child, even then Kamsa, Putana, Aghasura, Bakasura, Gardhabasu, Pralambasura and other such demons tried their best to kill Shri Krishna. But their attempts failed. They could not harm Shri Krishna in any way. They were themselves destroyed. So the movement for Krishna Consciousness can in no way be stopped and be faded away. Rather those who are trying to do any harm by uncalled for agitation after spreading false facts, they are sure to be disheartened. It seems if these people without adopting the aforesaid wrong way of doing harm to our International Society for Krishna Consciousness, do themselves join our movement, there is every chance of a formation of the body of a Great United Nation.

After the last great war the existing body of the present United Nations was formed, but what real benefit there has been to be mentioned of for the worldly people. The ISKCON movement has actually got together all nations in the world by their adoption of nonviolence creed and spreading of Krishna's name, door-to-door. Amongst us there are Hindus, Muslims, Jews, Christians, Buddhists and others who in the same way initiating themselves with shaved head, sikha, tilaka and sacred thread are engaged in singing Krishna nama in accordance with the scripture, "krsna kirtana gana nartana parau." So I fervently request my gentle countrymen to have a thorough investigation of our affairs so as to discontinue their uncalled for agitations.

There has been various remarks about our income and expenditure, and on this some questions were raised in our Lokeshava and discussions made there to. The Lokeshava members accepted the fact that our various expenses are met up with our income of selling various books, as well as various donations from the public. Up till now my humble self could write at least 84 books and print them in English. Those are Bhagavad-gita As It Is, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Canto I to VII (24 volumes), Teachings of Lord Chaitanya, Shri Chaitanya Charitamrta (17 volumes), the Nectar of Devotion, Krishna Consciousness The Topmost Yoga System, Shri Isopanisad, etc., etc. These books are sold throughout the world, and the amount of their daily average sale is a little over five lacs, and for this Bhaktivedanta Book Trust, a registered body has been formed, with the intention that 50% of the sale proceeds will be utilized for printing books and the balance to be spent towards building temples, maths, and their day to day expenses.

At the age of 70 I had the energy to go outside India and apart from other various duties, engage myself in writing books even at night without sleep. All these have been done in accordance with the direction of my Prabhupada Gurudeva. My foreign devotees, with the help of various machines, do the needful for printing all these books written by me. These books are sold throughout the world for which an all round very hard labor is required. If sale proceeds of my books sold outside India are brought for aforesaid expenses in India, what harms and what is to be envied of. They have been spent for the benefit of the general public, materially as well as spiritually. We get help from foreign government is an absolute false report. What an unjudicious thinking. How can anyone think of that a foreign government will subscribe money for the promotion of Krishna Consciousness? So my request is not to do injustice to us in any way by unnecessary anti propaganda, but to cooperate with us by joining our Krishna Consciousness movement so that it may spread more and more satisfactorily, and for this we shall be highly obliged. Our cooperation on this account is much coveted for. Hare Krishna.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami\\
Founder Acharya ISKCON (all over the world)

Vrindaban 28/9/76

