---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ramesvara — November 7, 1976",
    "h1":"Ramesvara — November 7, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Ramesvara — November 7, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Ramesvara ======

---- dataentry letters ----
Recipient_hidden : Ramesvara
ListDate_hidden  : 1976-11-07
showdate_hidden  : 2023-11-07
To_letters       : Ramesvara
Date_letter      : November 7
Year_letter      : 1976
Place_letter     : Vrindaban
----

Los Angeles

My dear Ramesvara,

Please accept my blessings. Please find enclosed two letters which have just reached me here in Vrindaban after being forwarded several times, and my reply to them.

I think this matter is serious. Previously I sent one newsletter asking that this boy be returned to his father or at least that his father be notified of his whereabouts. My directions were not followed and now this is becoming a very burdensome situation unnecessarily. Why should we sacrifice the reputation of our Movement for one boy? If Krsna wants, how can his father force the boy not to become Krsna's devotee? We should do everything legally. Just show in the court that the boy wants to remain with his mother and that the mother wants to keep the boy very nicely. You can say that his father may force the boy to eat meat, etc. and in this way convince them not to take the boy away from his mother.

I understand that due to this incident we are now voted out of our Evanston temple by the city council, and that in San Diego we have been stopped from purchasing one building. Now, this Mr. Yanoff is creating a very bad impression of our movement. What is our gain? These things should be done legally not whimsically. If the father is victorious in the courts then what can we do? Our business is not to kidnap. People must come voluntarily. It is always voluntary. Krsna is offering the chance to go back home, Back to Godhead, but He leaves the choice up to the living entity.

The example of Prahlada Maharaja is there. Despite all efforts on the part of his atheistic father to change him, he remained a staunch devotee of the Lord. It is undoubtedly unfortunate circumstances, but why should we jeopardize the reputation of our Movement? You have been handling the affair. Please now rectify the situation. Do everything legally. Do not cause unnecessary troublesome situations. Our main business is to distribute my books and people will come gradually. Everything should be done for that purpose. People will criticize and oppose us, there is no doubt, so why should we create more trouble unnecessarily.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. They have also given us trouble in getting visas for the Gurukula boys to come to India on account of complaints to the U.S. embassy by Mr. Yanoff.\\
cc: Bhagavan das\\
c/o Paris temple
