---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurukrpa — May 18, 1977",
    "h1":"Gurukrpa — May 18, 1977",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurukrpa — May 18, 1977",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurukrpa ======

Tokyo

My dear Gurukrpa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings.

I am so much grateful to you and to all of your men how much you are sacrificing for spreading the movement of Sri Krsna Caitanya Mahaprabhu. I have heard with great pleasure how in only one month's time you have distributed 50,000 Bhagavad gita As It Is in the Japanese language. Param vijayate sri krsna sankirtanam! I think there has never been a case in history when so many religious books were distributed in such a short time. Now that our books have been taken by the people it is only a question of time until our movement is well accepted in Japan. Go on distributing these books more and more and Caitanya Mahaprabhu will bless all of you. It is simply wonderful how with only 12 men you were able to distribute so many books and at the same time send such sizeable contribution for our Indian projects. Thank you all very much.

For some reason temples are not sending in as much money as was expected to the BBT. Ramesvara says that he cannot afford to send any money for completing Bombay at this time. Therefore I am hoping it may be possible for you to continue to send $100,000 monthly for finishing the Bombay project, until such a time when the BBT can arrange instead to send the money. When the BBT can once again transfer funds regularly then I shall tell you what to do with further collections.

I was staying in Risikesh hoping to improve my health but instead I have become a little weaker. Now I have come back to my home, Vrndavana. If anything should go wrong, at least I will be here in Vrndavana. Vrndavana is for residence, Bombay is office for organization, and Mayapur is for worship of the Supreme Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu.

I shall be very happy to hear of how your activities are going in Japan and Hawaii. Hoping this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
