---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ministry of Finance (India) — May 28, 1966",
    "h1":"Ministry of Finance (India) — May 28, 1966",
    "title":"Letter to: Ministry of Finance (India) — May 28, 1966",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Ministry of Finance (India) ======

<card class="letter">
Ministry of Finance\\
Department of Economic Affairs\\
Government Of India\\
New Delhi\\
THROUGH: THE INDIAN EMBASSY\\
WASHINGTON D.C.

Dear Sirs,

Re: Release of Exchange for erecting a cultural Institution of Radha Krishna Temple in New York for preaching the cult of Krishna philosophy as revealed in the Srimad-Bhagavatam and Srimad Bhagavad-gita.

With reference to the above I beg to inform you that I am a Vaisnava Sannyasi in the line of Lord Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu. In pursuance of the cult of Love of Krishna philosophy as propounded in the Srimad Bhagavad-gita, I have come to America to preach the cultural mission. My translation of the Srimad-Bhagavatam (published in three volumes first canto) is recognized by the Government of India both central and states education department. Here in America also my book is approved by the State Library of Congress Washington, the Public Library and many universities.

Since I have come to America in the last year (September 1965) I have traveled many parts of the country and some of the local papers have published articles on me and they have designated me as the Ambassador of Bhaktiyoga.

At present I am staying in New York at the above address and my American friends and admirers are hearing from me about my cultural mission and attending my Kirtana class as well as discourses on the Bhagavad-gita and the Srimad-Bhagavatam.

I therefore want to establish a permanent establishment of Radha Krishna Temple and I am very glad to inform you that Sir Padampat Sighania of Kanpur has agreed to spend any amount for erecting an Indian architectural Temple in New York for this great cultural mission of India. I am enclosing herewith the copies of the letters received from Sri Padampat Sighania.

I had to approach the Exchange Control Department of Reserve Bank of India and the reply which I have received from the Controller is also enclosed herewith please find.

My cultural mission as I have tried to explain in my books Srimad-Bhagavatam has been highly appreciated by all responsible quarters in India including the Late Prime Minister Lal Bhadur Shastri. The All India Congress Committee has reviewed my books in the following words: "At a time when not only the people of India but those of the West need the chastening quality of Love and Truth in the corrupting atmosphere of hate and hypocrisy, a work like this will have corrective influence. What is God? He is truth, He is love. Even an atheist must accept the supremacy of those qualities and how much they are needed by the people of the world who have been taught to deny God and these qualities do not require much emphasis."

"The author has attempted a tremendous task . . . A perusal will give us in sample measure a knowledge of the original. The essence of Srimad-Bhagavatam is the exposition of the Absolute Truth, for an understanding of Absolute Truth we would recommend this book."

Mr. N.C. Chatterji M.P. and the late President of the Hindu Mahasabha writes "You have done a first class work and you deserve the hearty commendation of every Indian and every Hindu. Your deep and penetrating study of the subject and your philosophic insight are reflected in this work. . . . You a are doing a great service to the cause of humanity."

So this is a cultural mission for enlightenment of the entire human society and New York is the best centre for distributing such cultural knowledge because it is the Head Quarter of the United Nations. We shall erect such a nice cultural Hall and Temple and everything is ready at this opportune moment. Kindly therefore give your sanction for this noble and sublime activities of Indian original culture still going strong.

His Excellency Dr. Radhakrishnan the President of India knows me personally and if need be you can take reference from him about me.

Kindly help me by your early sanction of release of Exchange and I shall await your favorable reply per return of post with interest.

Thanking you in anticipation,

Yours faithfully,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami.
</card>