---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — October 15, 1968",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — October 15, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — October 15, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated October 10, and 11, and noted the contents carefully. My first thanks are due to my dear grandson Mr. Eric, who is so kind to pray for my good health. So offer my blessings and thanks to the good child, and I am also praying to Krishna for his long life and prosperity.

Regarding Mr. Fugate in Florida: I have read the letter, the copy of which you have sent to me, and I am forwarding it to Nandarani. Because she is also very much surprised at the behavior of Mr. Fugate in connection with Mahapurusa. After all, this class of men, they are falsely puffed up that they know something about mysticism, but actually they want to be flattered by somebody. So they are keeping some spiritual master or instructor, means to keep them as pet dog and cat. I think Mahapurusa may not have spoken anything which is very offensive, but he was so intolerant that he could not give him shelter even for one day. So he was so angry. That is not the sign of a mystic. Anyway, please try to deal with him softly because he has got some tendency for spiritual upliftment of his life, but he is misguided or without any knowledge in the line. Neither he is ready to accept any bona fide instructor, this is his position so far I can understand. There is a proverb in Sanskrit that you speak truth but don't speak unpalatable truth. When you speak the truth it must be very palatable. So this social convention is not applicable to a person who is preaching the Absolute Truth. Absolute Truth is not dependent on material pleasure or unpleasure. I think Mahapurusa's personality did not impress upon him, but so far I know, his behavior could not be anything offensive. So forget the incident, but our mission is to preach Krishna Consciousness, and if possible, try to tackle this gentleman. Because he has got some inclination toward Krishna Consciousness, so let us try, to help him as far as possible. So continue correspondence with him, and let us see how we can deal with him later on.

Preaching in this center, Seattle, is also going on nicely. The students are trying to understand our philosophy, and in spite of some counter-propaganda by one Mr. Miller, a Christian minister, that we are trying to impress some religious principles. Still they have invited and they are hearing, so things are going on nicely here. And so far London, and Berlin is concerned, things are progressing nicely, and Mukunda is trying to establish a bona fide branch of our society in London, with cooperation of Englishmen; Mr. Alan Ginsberg, he is also trying to help Mukunda by introducing with some influential men there, so I think this future is hopeful. So far your Buffalo center is concerned, you are trying your best, and Krishna will help you. Go on doing like that, and our business is to try our best. Result we leave it for consideration of Krishna, and we shall not be disappointed whether the result is favorable or unfavorable. Actually there cannot be any unfavorable result, because we are serving Krishna. One person may be or may not be inclined to accept Krishna Consciousness, but that doesn't matter, but if we try our best to make one person Krishna Conscious, then our duty is carried nicely. That is recognized by Krishna. In Sanskrit it is said __Yatne Krite Yadina Sidehati Kotra Dosah.__ That means, in spite of our best efforts, if things do not come successful, then there is no fault on our side. That should be the principle of our preaching, we shall try our best to convince others in Krishna Consciousness, and Krishna will be pleased, that is our gain.

From Seattle, for a day or two, or utmost for a week, I may go to Vancouver, then I shall go to Los Angeles. Perhaps you know that we are trying to take one office in the Church center of the United Nation, with an idea that we may try to propagate our Krishna Consciousness movement, amongst respectable leaders of the nations who are attached to the United Nations, so Purusottama is corresponding and trying to arrange for this, let us see, how Krishna helps us. I hope this will meet you in good health, I am

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Srimati Rupamanjari will certainly be pleased upon you as you are engaged in Krishna's service.
</card>