---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 17, 1969",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — June 17, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — June 17, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Tamala Krsna ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 13, 1969, and I have noted the contents. You write to say in your your letter, "Please come to Los Angeles immediately, Prabhupada. There are so many devotees who are so much anticipating Your Divine Appearance." So considering this urgent call, I may go immediately to Los Angeles as I have not got any important business here. So you can send me passage money, and I shall go to Los Angeles along with Purusottama. The London devotees want me by the end of July, so even from Los Angeles I can go to London, and in this way spend at least one month in Los Angeles. Then after that period, if London wants me urgently, I can go there from Los Angeles. There is no difficulty. Under the circumstances, I am prepared to go to Los Angeles immediately as requested by you.

Regarding opening branches in Laguna Beach, you know I am always very much enthusiastic to open branches, so if another branch can be opened for propagating Krishna Consciousness, it is always welcome. If we have got opportunity to open such branch, we must take advantage. So far as the money is concerned, it is not meant for banking, but it is meant for spending. Our policy should be to collect millions of dollars or more than that daily, and spend it daily. That should be our policy. Every morning we shall be empty-handed, get collection of a million dollars during the daytime, and by evening it should be all spent. That should be our motto. But because we are pushing on our activities regularly, therefore some money should be saved to meet emergencies. So if you have got chance of opening a branch in Laguna Beach, do it. When we get a big temple in Los Angeles, Krishna will supply the necessary funds.

Regarding the throne, it should be made exactly to the design made by Muralidhara. It is 40 x 40 x 45 (length, breadth and height). I am enclosing this design, so you make the throne in that pattern for Radha-Krishna.

I will expect to hear from you soon by return of post. Hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>