---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Umapati — March 30, 1970",
    "h1":"Umapati — March 30, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Umapati — March 30, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Umapati ======

<card class="letter">
Paris

My dear Umapati,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 26th March, 1970. I have also received the newspaper cutting in which the picture of George has come out and it appears to be very nice because he has taken to chanting Hare Krsna Mantra along with you. Actually he has done some service to the cause of Krsna Consciousness, therefore he must make progress in his spiritual advancement. The heading "An Anti-Alcoholic Beatle at Maxim's"---does it mean that George has given up alcohol? Anyway, I am pleased with his dealing with us and I pray to Krsna that he shall make more and more advancement in Krsna Consciousness.

You have written to say that French people are eager to understand Vaisnava philosophy, and the summary of Vaisnava philosophy is as follows:

God is a person like us, but He is all-powerful with all opulences in full. The living entities are His eternal servants. There are varieties of living entities that have inherited the opulences of God in different degrees. There are two kinds of nature, the spiritual nature and the material nature. The living entities belong to the spiritual nature and being part and parcel of God they have all the qualities of God in minute proportion.

There are innumerable living entities both in the spiritual world and in the material world. The spiritual world is far, far greater than the material world. As such, the number of living entities living in the spiritual world is many more times greater than the number of living entities living within the material world. The living entities, when they try to lord it over the God's property, forgetting their constitutional position to remain as eternal servant of God, they are given the material world to act according to their desires.

In such endless varieties of desires the living entities are seen in varieties of bodies beginning from Brahma, down to the most insignificant insect. In this way, when someone is fortunate, he, by the grace of Spiritual Master and Krsna, revives his Krsna Consciousness. And if he makes progress under the direction of the Spiritual Master, then he revives his original Krsna Consciousness in full and thus he regains his position in the eternal Kingdom of God.

So you know very well all these facts, and while preaching you have to explain all these things nicely. Then you become a good preacher. Now you try your best in this line of preaching work and be successful as you have taken birth as a human being. Our Vaisnava philosophy is in summary the __Teachings of Lord Caitanya.__ You read them very carefully, word to word, and immediately begin translation into French language so they may be published in French BTG as well as in future they may be published in a book.

I think Janardana is very busy in preparation for his Ph.D. because I have also not heard from him for a long time. So let him continue his studies. There is no need of disturbing him at present. Better both you and Suridas take up this translation work seriously. I think there are some devotees in Montreal who can also translate into French language. Anyway, arrange for this work immediately, without waiting anymore.

You have not written anything whether you have been able to find out a suitable place for our Temple. It was understood that when George goes there, he would help us in this matter. So I shall be glad to know how far you have been successful in this connection. It is all Krsna's grace that you have been favored with some publicity and more people are coming weekly for Kirtana. It is very much satisfactory, and I hope Krsna will help you more and more.

Please keep me informed about your further progress and offer my blessings to all the boys and girls there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
</card>