---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — August 23, 1970",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — August 23, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — August 23, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gargamuni ======

<card class="letter">
New Vrindaban

My dear Gargamuni Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. When I was in L.A. sometimes one month back I received two letters from you and Brahmananda Maharaja. Since then I have not heard from you. Although I was expecting your letters every moment. I was personally asking everyone about your touring and I have already inquired from Rupanuga Prabhu about your address.

Fortunately Sriman Madhudvisa Maharaja has given me to read your letter dated 16th August, 1970 addressed to him. I have gone through the letter carefully and it gives me a great pleasure. I am so glad to learn that both of you are now chanting 16 rounds or more regularly and murmuring the Gayatri Mantras regularly. Please continue this habit without fail.

I am very glad to note that you are now realizing that without executing the regular routine work of spiritual life nobody can grow spiritual strength and without spiritual strength nobody can preach the Krsna Consciousness Movement. Both of you are my great hopes. You have done great service to the cause of the Society and I always consider you as two strongest pillars of the Society. Sriman Brahmananda Swami Maharaja joined me in my apartment in New York sometimes in 1966 and since then he is working so hard for upliftment of our activities and later on you also joined to help the Movement so strenuously. So your service to Krsna in this connection will never go in vain even though accidentally something contrary has been done. So far I am concerned, I am the same Spiritual Father and Guide of both of you and I have prayed all along to Krsna for bringing you back to your good conscience. I hope Krsna is already helping you sitting in your heart and thus you are executing the regulative principles.

We have a great task before us to preach this Krsna Consciousness all over the world. I have given you all the Sannyasa order with a great hope that in future you will all work for me. I came to your country to execute the mission of my Spiritual Master at a very old age and by the Grace of my Spiritual Master within four or five years with your cooperation we have expanded beyond expectation. Now if all you Sannyasis work with the same zeal and enthusiasm and if each of you establish another set of 30 to 40 branches with necessary influx of devotees, then I am sure our Krsna Consciousness Movement will prove a solid fact throughout the whole world and for this purpose you have to gather sufficiently spiritual strength.

There is a statement in the Caitanya-caritamrta that without being empowered by Krsna nobody can preach the glories of His Holy Name and the only means for acquiring this spiritual strength is to abide by the orders of the Spiritual Master. That is the verdict of all Scriptures.

I hope in the New Vrindaban meeting you will all formulate a solid program for advancing this Krsna Consciousness Movement all over the world. Please offer my blessings to Sriman Brahmananda Swami Maharaja as well as all devotees present at New Vrindaban.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>