---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jagadisa — September 29, 1970",
    "h1":"Jagadisa — September 29, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jagadisa — September 29, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jagadisa ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I am so very much encouraged to see your fine letter dated Sept. 21st, 1970, and your movement is being recognized by the sensible persons. Naturally there will be increase of new members everywhere.

Since we have come to Calcutta many boys are coming to us even they were very much subversive to the social orders. People are very much appreciating our Movement. Wherever we go for preaching work hundreds of men gather and they contribute liberally according to their capacity. We have already two centers in Calcutta and trying to have our own center in the most important neighborhood of this city.

So the idea is---you work sincerely on behalf of Krsna according to instructions of Lord Krsna in His great magnanimous form as Lord Caitanya. I know you are very intelligent and sincere servant of Krsna, so try to serve His Lordship to your best capacity and He shall give you proper intelligence. You know that Krsna is Spiritual Master from within and Spiritual Master is manifestation of Krsna without. That is the position; both ways a sincere student is instructed, which is called Guru-Krsna kripa. Simply you have to receive it properly and execute it orderly.

Take care of the new devotees so that they may read our literatures carefully and come to the real standard of understanding. Our strength is not material strength, but spiritual strength. So if spiritual strength is not strong now, try to make Sripati and the others stronger by spiritual means by following the regulative principles and chanting sixteen rounds. Formerly Jayapataka was president of Montreal center; now he is working here in India very intelligently although it is a foreign city.

Regarding your cooperative program with Karandhara for realizing the great potential for Krsna Consciousness in Montreal, Toronto and Vancouver, that is very good news---do it carefully.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>