---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — January 27, 1971",
    "h1":"Upendra — January 27, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — January 27, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Upendra ======

<card class="letter">
Suva, Fiji

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated 16th and 17th Narayana, 484, along with enclosures of pictures and news clippings. I am so pleased to see you and your good wife in every picture in different poses of preaching work. That is real Krsna consciousness service to preach the message of the Holy Name to all persons. And they appear to be all responding very enthusiastically to your preaching; that is very good sign. If you remain pure and enthusiastic, you will have the spiritual strength to enthuse others with the chanting of Hare Krsna Mahamantra and devotional service to the Lord.

I am a little concerned, however, that you are being somewhat harassed in your activities by these so-called swamis. But do not be discouraged by their foolish talkings, we have got more important business. We do not judge the man by his dress, so we are not concerned with the color of our cloth as much as we are concerned to keep our conduct on the plane of pure spiritual life. Our Krsna consciousness is practically being accepted by all kinds of persons all over the world and there is no discrimination of types of dress. Generally Grhasthas wear white for the men and colorful saris for the women. While performing sacrifices, etc. they may wear yellow cloth which is considered auspicious. But you are always engaged in such religious activity in direct service of the transcendental Lord, so yellow garments are not inappropriate. In India our householder devotee men are all wearing white cloths and they all look very, very nice. You can do also if you like.

I am so glad to hear that the people are eager to have more opportunity for Krsna Consciousness. I would also very much like to travel there. But I do not know what arrangements you can make to bring us there.

Please keep me informed of your progressive activities and may Krsna bless you more and more with increased intelligence for spreading His movement.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>