---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 20, 1971",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — November 20, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 20, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of November 3, 1971, and I am very pleased to note that things are improving nicely in Europe in general. I am glad to hear that Vasudeva has returned and is working cooperatively. He is a good boy, but sometimes in a weak instant Maya can capture us and we cannot resist. That is why I am always urging my students to follow the regulative principles without fail and to resist the onslaught of Maya by chanting Hare Krishna at least 16 offenseless rounds daily. In this way Krishna protects us.

I have not received any letters from Peter Kaufmann and Jan Plantoner for initiation, but as soon as I do I shall be glad to accept them as my disciples, on your recommendation.* I shall send under separate cover sacred threads for Bidhan Candra and Jaya Gaura das Prabhus, duly chanted on, as well as two copies of Gayatri mantra. Hold a fire yajna and give them both Gayatri mantra. Yogesvara had a tape of me reciting Gayatri mantra, so you can get this from him. One thing is that the tape should be heard through earphones into the right ear. If letters from the two boys come I shall be sending their beads also. So if you like you may wait and the fire yajna can be held for all four devotees.

I note that you have opened a Consolidated European BTG and BKF account for all European temples. Does this include England centers also? Won't the exchange difficulties between countries hinder such a plan? How have you arranged this account?

Regarding your question about incense, Karandhara has just informed me that our Spiritual Sky incense business is making now $1,000,000 a year to spend for Krishna. How can that be Maya? My Guru Maharaja used to say, "Anything material, if it is used for the service of Krishna, it is a mistake to give it up." Because I have understood this principle, he used to appreciate me in front of my godbrothers. I have given this idea all along---why you big leaders do not understand it? You should take it to heart as a guiding principle that somehow or other we always please Krishna by doing what is practical and necessary, according to time and place. Not that we should be whimsical. But one test is that all the devotees should be satisfied. They have given their lives to Krishna, so we should see they are always happy. Their service is voluntary. It is not that we can force anyone to do anything. If we do they will go away and that is a great loss. Everyone must be encouraged to do what he likes to do for Krishna, so if someone likes to do business for Krishna, let them make $1,000,000 for Krishna.

I hope this finds you and your good wife, Himavati dasi, in strong health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*Just while posting this letter, I have received their letter and 100.00 marks. ACB\\
ACBS/sda
</card>