---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — June 29, 1973",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — June 29, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — June 29, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

<card class="letter">
Heidelberg, West Germany

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 21 June and I have carefully studied the contents, including photos of posters from the festival in Heidelberg.

Your report is very encouraging to me. The communists by dry philosophy have spread practically all over the world. We are holding festivals, feasting, philosophy and salvation---why shall we not spread our influence and overthrow them? Regarding your plan to travel around the world staging such Hare Krsna Festivals---yes, do it, you have my blessings.

Your progress in translating work is very nice. It is actually most important of all that this translating of books is going on at the same time as the festivals. I have seen the photographs of your festival blocking the traffic and I am very much encouraged. The pictures should appear in all languages and you should write an article for BTG.

The devotees recommended by you for initiation I gladly accept and their new spiritual names are as follows:

Richard---Sutapa das;

Rolf---Sudesna das;

Erich---Citravesa das;

Otto Karl---Niskrodha das;

Hans---Gananath;

Jesshardt---Nispapa das;

George---Gopesh das;

Ruth---Ramya dasi;

Margot---Mrdani dasi;

Karsten---Kuruksetre das;

Renata---Ratipriya dasi;

Rolf (Hamburg)---Nirahamkara das;

Andreas---Asvasena das;

Ditmar---Aya das;

Wolfgang---Visnuyasa.

As far as the GBC meeting is concerned I must be there wherever they meet; therefore we must meet at least once a year in Mayapur. Not only GBC shall meet but many devotees from all parts of the world. In Mayapur we now have facilities to accommodate more than a thousand people. We have a four story building and enough space so that even on the balcony we can accommodate thousands apart from the rooms. There are all marble floors and there is always natural ventilation. At least next March we must meet together. We have in Mayapur a doll-making department and we are manufacturing mrdangas also. If possible, some of your men may be sent there to learn these two works.

For yourself you should make your next attempt in Moscow, if it is possible.

I am going to London. So if convenient you should come and we can meet there.

I see that Himavati is busy in distributing prasadam---send some for me. Now you have a proper field husband and wife, please do it nicely. Your transcendental competition is there in Shayamasundar. I want to see who will come out triumphant.

Hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
</card>