---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 26, 1974",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — January 26, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — January 26, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Brahmananda ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Brahmananda Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter, dated 15/1/74. I have noted the contents carefully.

I have received my copy of special BTG. It is very nicely done. I thank you very much. With great pleasure I note that although the Government of Kenya did not allow me to enter the state, my work was not hampered on account of my absence. In your last letter I was informed that Cyavana Swami has left your protection and gone to South America. I don't know why he has done so. As a sannyasi he is free to travel all over the world but when he was working under your supervision he should have taken your permission. This kind of independence is not very good. I'm quite confident of his sincerity, and I shall be glad to be further enlightened on this matter.

Anyway, you have dedicated yourself to the service of the Lord, therefore you are always glorious. I'm very much indebted to you that you have gone so far away from your own comfortable country for the service of Caitanya Mahaprabhu and this service will be appreciated by the Supreme Personality of Godhead. Please go on preaching like that and you will be blessed. I think Krsna did not let me go in Africa because he wants to see you all work independently of me. I'm getting old and can not move, so if you all my students work 10 times more than me that will be great pleasure for me.

The decision to train African people to be nice preachers is a nice idea. If you train the African to preach that will be a nice reply to the African Government for not letting me come there. So try your best and Krsna will give you the necessary intelligence, and send me occasional posts. That will give me satisfaction. I'm starting for India via Japan and Hong Kong next Monday. I'm glad to note your statement "Our position is not as precarious as it was before." If you sincerely preach everything will become smooth, and our preaching work will become smoother and smoother. One thing is very gratifying that you are doing the preaching work in Africa without any financial help from here. But in India the case is different. We have to send always financial help from America. I have collected and dispatched to India about 40 lacs of rupees. Even today I have dispatched to Gargamuni Swami $5,000, or about Rs 50,000 by telegram. Krsna is arranging everything. Let us work cooperatively nicely all over the world.

It is a great task. Let us be cognizant of our responsibility. I hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>