---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sir — May, 1964",
    "h1":"Sir — May, 1964",
    "title":"Letter to: Sir — May, 1964",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sir ======

FOREIGN FORWARDING LETTERS.

Dear Sir,

With due respect I beg to request you to look into the papers despatched to your address under separate Book Post.

In that book post you will find one copy of my theistic fortnightly paper BACK TO GODHEAD broadcasting exclusively everything about the Supreme Personality of Godhead. These topics about Godhead are delineated in a manner for understanding of any common man and it is high time that people of the world should now know about the Supreme Truth when they have had tried enough and failed in the matter of establishing peace in the world by so much attempt.

The fact is that we all living energies in different species of life are all individual parts and parcels of the Supreme Energetic person as the son is the part and parcel of the father. The whole creation including all material or spiritual planes and planets are different parts and parcels of One Unit only but there are immense diversities in unity for variegatedness is the necessary paraphernalia of eternal pleasure which we are all seeking in the wrong way without the right information to have it.

BACK TO GODHEAD can direct the right way of such happiness even in the material field by the simple adjustment of re-establishing our lost relation with Godhead. We wish that people may kindly read this paper for some time with due attention and critical gravity. We are always prepared to answer any relevant question in this regard from any quarter who may be seeking after the Absolute Truth.

Although the messages contained in the pages of BACK TO GODHEAD are all gifts of the ancient sages of India who actually realized the Absolute Truth, yet at the present moment the so called leaders of India are too much enamoured by the western way of material advancement of knowledge. They are completely neglecting the treasure house of knowledge left by the sages.

You, gentlemen, of the Western Countries have seen much about material science and yet peace is not within your control. In most cases you may be feeling the want of peace although you have enough in the matter. This basic defect of materialism remains undetected by the misleaders of India and therefore they are not serious about going BACK TO GODHEAD the ultimate aim of life's journey.

I am therefore seeking your help in broadcasting this message of spiritual value through your good institution.

I shall request you to go through the literatures sent to you per separate book post and let me know your reaction upon it.

I am seeking your help for getting some addresses of the thoughtful men of your country who are leading the public opinion and to whom I may be able to send this important paper for consideration.

Thanking you in anticipation and awaiting your early reply.

Yours faithfully,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta
