---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sumati Morarjee — November 26, 1966",
    "h1":"Sumati Morarjee — November 26, 1966",
    "title":"Letter to: Sumati Morarjee — November 26, 1966",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sumati Morarjee ======

Madame Sumati Morarji Baisaheba,

I thank you very much for your letter of the 22nd instant and have noted the contents.

I am enclosing herewith one copy of the letter to my booksellers in Bombay. Kindly get in touch with them and take delivery of Two sets of (three volumes each) Srimad-Bhagavatam.

Thank you very much for your enquiry about the printing of my books. I beg to inform you that the printing work is now suspended on account of my being absent from India. __The books manuscript are ready for printing.__ I was printing them with great difficulty by collecting small amount of money and due to my absence they are not being printed. If your good self or somebody else come forward to cooperate in this connection the printing work can immediately be revived. In the meantime I have also prepared a commentary on the Bhagavad-gita purely on Bhakti principle and when published it will be an unique publication of Bhagavad-gita as it is. So far all the commentaries made on the Bhagavad-gita like Dr. Radhakrishnan or others, they have no knowledge in the Bhakti cult. Therefore such commentaries on the Bhagavad-gita are not authorized. "__Bhakta asi priya asi me rahasya hi etad uttamam__" Nobody has any access in the Bhagavad-gita without being devotee of the Lord. But all the commentaries in English now available in the market are made by the nondevotee mental speculators. As such if my Bhagavad-gita will be an unique presentation if they are published. I shall be very much glad if you kindly cooperate in this connection.

I have not as yet received the reply of my letter dated 13rd instant and I hope to receive it soon.

I consider your good self as one of the associates of Srimati Radharani Lord Krishna's most beloved consort. So your prayer to Lord Krishna for success of my mission in the Western countries will surely be heard. But at the same time I expect full cooperation of all devotees of Krishna in India specially in Bombay in this mighty progress. I wish to train up the American youths in the line of devotional service and entrust them with Temples of Sri Sri Radha Krishna in various parts of this part of the world. With my good wishes, I beg to remain

Yours sincerely,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
