---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hayagriva, Shyamsundar and Haridas — New York, 23 April, 1967",
    "h1":"Hayagriva, Shyamsundar and Haridas — New York, 23 April, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Hayagriva, Shyamsundar and Haridas — New York, 23 April, 1967"
}
---

====== Letter to: Hayagriva, Shyamsundar and Haridas ======

There is possibility of opening two more branches one in Baltimore and the other in Boston. Brahmananda, Rayrama and Mahapurusa three boys have already gone to Boston last night to see the situation and we shall have to act according to situation. In Baltimore one gentleman namely John De Priest is attracted with our movement and he proposes that somebody in Baltimore may give some land to build temple there. Let us see how Krishna desires in this respect. I shall be glad hear from you about your opinion for purchasing the varitype machine. We are prepared to purchase the machine immediately on hearing from you. Please send me the address of Jayananda. I have not heard from him as well as from Haridas and Shyamsunder. I hope all of them are doing well. Herewith I am writing some notes to Sriman Shyamsunder and returning one dishonored check please find.

Over. -2-

My dear Shyamsunder,

Please accept my greetings and hearty blessings. Since I have come back to New York I have not heard from you hope you are well. The check which you gave me on book account is not paid. The reason is mentioned there. Please therefore send me a Bank check adding the price of eight more books which were dispatched later on. How you are arranging for the Rathayatra function proposed to be held in July. How far you made progress sculpting other Murtis of Jagannath. I shall be glad to hear from you.

My dear Haridas,

Please accept my blessings. Since I have come back to New york I have not heard from you. Please let me know how far you have completed the big picture of Srinatha. Please do it very nicely. The picture is very popular amongst the Ballbh sect of Vaisnavas. I shall be glad to hear from you. I had telephonic conversation with Mukunda, his wife and Srimati Leelavati. I shall be glad to hear from him about the Visa arrangement as well as receive the copies of pictures that I gave him for offset copies. Kindly remind him.

I request herewith all devotees to conduct Kirtan movement without any stoppage and this will bring about real peace and prosperity in the world. It is something genuine and authorised. By following the principles one is sure to be both materially and spiritually advanced.

With my all good wishes and blessing I beg to remain,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Enclosure: One check returned by the Bank.
