---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — June 14, 1967",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — June 14, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — June 14, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 10 1967. Yes it is due to your prayers that this time my life has been saved. Your appreciation of the movement is very keen and interesting. Actually I was also attracted by my Guru Maharaja when he convinced me that God lives and we can live with Him. I find the same conviction in you and it has given me so great pleasure. Yes, it is the greatest discovery. Human society under the spell of illusion is doing things, each on his own responsibility and they are becoming entangled in material existence. This is the greatest blunder in human society. They have not only forgotten God but they've declared openly that God is dead. This declaration of the foolish human society is the greatest blunder in life. I therefore appreciate your conviction and I am still more glad that you are determined to progagate this message to the world at large. I am sure you can do this because all of you are determined to propagate this message to the world at large. I am sure you can do this because all of you who have come to me are sincere soul and you have understood the inner force of Krishna Consciousness. Please try to propagate this new movement combinedly.

I have already explained to Satsvarupa that for the present I may return to India and try to recoup my health as well as begin the American house there. I understand the attitude of Rabbi Newman is not very encouraging. So if __I go to India and utilize__ the building fund there, it __will be nice.__ If we spend there 10,000 dollars only we can have very nice accommodations for training American youths in the matter of preaching work of Krishna Consciousness. We have tried our best to secure a house in N.Y. but so far we have failed and I think we can continue our centers in rented houses without endeavoring more for our own house. Rather we may train up boys for preaching work and send them back to all the parts of the world to preach this gospel. After 6 months if I am fit I my come back again to work with you with renovated energy. So I shall like that. You, Satsvarupa and other members may discuss this point and come to some conclusion so that we can do the needful when I return to New York. In the mean time you can make your decision. Even in my absence there will be no stoppage of activities, will go on nicely by regular exchange of correspondence and there will be no difficulty. At last I may inform you that if I get my permanent visa and if Rabbi Newman agrees to give us the house then I may not return to India---that is my inner wish.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
