---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — July 8, 1967",
    "h1":"Jadurani — July 8, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — July 8, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jadurani ======

My dear Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated July 7, 1967, and as you are very much eager to see me stronger, similarly I am also very much eager to regain my former health and serve you all. On the whole I am getting strength little by little, and I hope very soon I shall be able to work. My immediate program is to open some branches and go to Montreal to install the deities. If my visa is not obtained by that time, I shall not wait for it, but shall go to Montreal and maybe I may return to India from there. When I return to India my ambition is to construct an American House at Vrindaban and get some of you boys and girls there to train for our preaching work in this part of the world. After all, I am old man. There is no certainty of my life, and at any moment I can collapse and it will not be surprising. But I wish to leave some of my spiritual children who have so kindly joined me in faith and respect so that they may work, and this philosophy of Krishna Consciousness may be broadcast all over the world. You are all educated, cultured, young boys and girls, and if you understand the philosophy it will be a great help for the suffering humanity.

You have asked me how many hours you should work. Our life is dedicated to Krishna, and you should work for Him 24 hours. We have different varieties of service. For you, you should work on painting as long as you think yourself fit; don't overwork. Balance time should be spent for chanting and reading __S.B.__ So far remembering me and Krishna, it should be simultaneous. I am your Spiritual Father, and Krishna is your Spiritual Husband. A girl can never forget either her father or her husband. In the Sastras it is said that Spiritual advance of life is achieved thru the combined mercy of the Spiritual Master and Krishna. Those who are sincere souls, Krishna helps them to have a bona fide Spiritual Master, and the bona fide Spiritual Master helps the disciple to approach Krishna. This is the process. I know you are a sincere devotee of Krishna and He will give you proper intelligence how to prosecute your present activities. I can simply pray to Krishna that He may bless you with all energy for serving Him. I am very much appreciative of your work, which you are doing for the society, and I wish you may continue to do like that.

I am

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
