---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa and Hansadutta — Vrindaban, 29 August, 1967",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa and Hansadutta — Vrindaban, 29 August, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa and Hansadutta — Vrindaban, 29 August, 1967"
}
---

====== Satsvarupa and Hansadutta ======

<card class="letter">
different branches, as far as possible by Bon Maharaj, Tirtha (Tirta) Maharaj, my humble self and others. Similarly in the Western world, Krishna has sent me some good souls like you, and I hope, even in my absence, (absense) that the spirit of K. C. will be spread.

You will be glad to learn that Kirtanananda is now Tridandi Swami Kirtanananda. I have made him a sannyasi yesterday on the birthday of Lord Krishna, and it was unexpectedly a very successful ceremony. The moment he was being offered sannyasa there was some ceremony of Janmastami (Janamasthmi) in the temple, and hundreds of men and women congratulated the young sannyasi. Somebody remarked that he looked like Lord Chaitanya. He will be going back to the States very soon; in the meantime I shall try to utilize this "white sannyasi" for recruiting some members in India, and then he will go back. His field of work is certainly there; but if he can be used here also, I will try for it.

I can assure you your steady progress in K. C., as you are sincerely trying for the cause of K.C. In the conditioned stage there is every possibility of being mistaken; but Krishna will always protect us if we are sincere; even if there is a gross mistake, Krishna forgives his servant who is very sincere; so go on working sincerely and Krishna will protect you always. Kindly make the Boston center very (cery) nice. The prospect there is very good, due to the large number of students.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. Thank you for your recent letter. I am glad to know that you are comfortable in Boston, and that you are engaging your energy there in making nice Krishna prasadam. I am also very pleased to know that Himavati is definitely going to have a baby. It is a very wonderful thing, and surely Krishna will bless your home with His presence, as both you and your wife and His sincere servants. The best preparation for the coming of the child is just for the parents to remain perfectly Krishna Conscious, and of course, the best means for that is by chanting the holy Names and listening to Bhagawad Gita and Srimad Bhagawatam. I very much appreciate that you enjoy helping to open various centers, and that is certainly laudable on your part. You must fully consider, however, your wife and child; your first duty now as a householder is to provide nicely (nicly) for your wife and child

[TEXT MISSING]

Lord to give up fighting; rather he was encouraged in his occupation but at the same time, he was to do it for Krishna. That is the secret of Krishna Consciousness;not that we all have to become preachers, but that we all dedicate our lives (lifes) or our consciousness (no matter in what capacity) to Lord Krishna. If things can be worked out nicely within the temple, that's all right. But family life requires a certain amount of privacy and convenience, which may not always be available. I am simply concerned that you be happy and contented, so you can prosecute the most important thing, K.C., without being disturbed. Rupanuga and Damodara are both doing nicely in this regard, and I wish the same for you.

Your appreciation of my Spiritual Master is very commendable. One who understands and appreciates the disciplic succession is certainly advanced, and we should always be very careful to give full respect to those who have so carefully handled this Divine Fruit of transcendental knowledge before us. Even a slight change will spoil it. That is why I have always been so careful to give you only those things which I have heard from my Guru Maharaj.

Please extend my blessings to Himavati and any others who may be with you. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Prabhus:

Thank you for your letters. I am indeed enjoying my stay here in Vrindaban, and fully appreciate the great opportunity and responsibility that has been placed on me. My love to all. Kirtanananda
</card>