---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — September 15, 1967",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — September 15, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — September 15, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gargamuni ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings. I was very much anxious about your illness, but I've received news from Brahmananda that you are improving. Now whatever condition it may be I advise you to take rock candy as much as possible always keep a piece in your mouth. So far as eating is concerned, take ripe papaya as much as you can, also if possible boil green papaya, this will be your diet and medicine. Besides this take sufficient rest and chant Hare Krishna; so long as we have got this material body we have to undergo these situations, if we increase our love for Krishna we shall be able to get out of this maya. People who therefore not exerting to improve Krishna Consciousness are simply wasting there valuable time and human life. Their human life is a chance to be out of the entanglements of material bodies. We get material bodies according to our activities, doggish men get the bodies of dogs in the next life, men in Krishna Consciousness get bodies like Krishna, so developed consciousness of human life is to concentrate of Krishna Consciousness so that we may be out of the clutches of material entanglement. These truth should be preached all over the world and those who are intelligent enough will take to Krishna Consciousness very seriously. You will be cured very soon rest assured, but after you get out of this diseased condition please keep fit with regular habits at least once a day take your bath and timely eat drink and sleep. Now you are married man you have got facility for sex life, but also this should be regulated. Increased Krishna Consciousness will reduce the propensity of sense gratification and too much sense gratification is the cause of obtaining material bodies. So there may not be bodily disturbance it is necessary to maintain a regulated life and easily prosecute our Krishna Consciousness. I shall pray to Krishna for your quick recovery.

</card>