---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Janaki — September 16, 1967",
    "h1":"Janaki — September 16, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Janaki — September 16, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Janaki ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Janaki,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter of Sept 5, 67. I'm so pleased for your writing such nice sentiment. I've especially noted that you could express yourself so beautifully. I know both you and your sister have inherited a good heart from your good mother. Your eagerness to get me back in the states will surely be a success because I'm also eager to return. Tears for Krishna is as good as associating with Him personally. In the spiritual world separation is more valuable than meeting. So your feelings and tears of Krishna Consciousness will make you more enriched in spiritual advancement. Your husband Mukunda is a very very good boy and you are fortunate enough to have such a nice devotee husband. A similar combination is there in your sister and Gurudasa. You will be angry if I say that your sister is better than you but I think I'm right because Mukunda supports me. Rivalry between good hearts is very nice job, but I'm equally pleased with both your sister and yourself. Please convey my blessings to your sister and brother-in-law. I've received their good hand-writing and they have actually done it in full Krishna Consciousness. Swami Kirtanananda is returning to the states very soon. You are very much anxious to get him back home and your desire will be fulfilled very soon. Perhaps you know that Acyutananda is now with us and since he has come Swami Kirtanananda has retired from all sorts of activities and Acyutananda is helping me. Anyway he is leaving behind a good representative so I'll not in trouble be. Most probably Acyutananda will stay in India to take charge of an American House. I shall be glad to know if Upendra is coming. Upendra and Acyutananda will be a good combination, both are silent workers without any protest. Please convey my blessings to all the boys and girls.
</card>