---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: B.S. Sharma — Vrindaban, 9 September, 1967",
    "h1":"B.S. Sharma — Vrindaban, 9 September, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: B. S. Sharma — Vrindaban, 9 September, 1967"
}
---

====== Letter to: B.S. Sharma ======

Dear Brij Suderji,

Thank you very much for your letter No. D.O.367 P.A./RM/67 D/4/9/67 and have noted the contents carefully. I thank you once more for your kind appreciation of my great mission following the footprints of Lord Chaitanya the great Apostle of world peace and love of Krishna. Lord Chaitanya wanted to preach Krishna Consciousness all over the world and He entrusted the execution of the great movement to all persons who have taken birth as man in the land of Bharatvarsa. So this is purely Indian culture of peace and harmony based on the Bhagavat Geeta and the Srimad Bhagavatam. Please therefore fully cooperate with me and the great movement.

The scheme is that Krishna Consciousness movement must have connection with Brij Bhumi the land of Krishna’s pastimes. The Americans or any other foreign countrymen will naturally be inclined to see the land of Krishna as they make progress in understanding the Krishna Philosophy. I have got already six branches in America and Canada. They are 1. New York, 2. San Francisco, 3. Montreal

4. Santa Fe, 5. Boston, and 6. Los Angeles. From all the centers the students are eager to come down to Vrindaban and some of them have already come. More branches are expected to be opened all over the world. Shri B. K. Nehru the Ambassador in U. S. is impressed with my movement and if so desired you can enquire from him how my movement in America has taken root and growing. I find the Jaipur House as the best house to give shelter to the American and European devotees of Lord Krishna. I am prepared to pay rent but I think it should be nominal only. Because the house, as it is, was originally meant for propagating Krishna Consciousness and nothing more. Therefore, the grand house should not be utilised for collecting rent. On the contrary the Government should patronise this movement by contribution from the revenues. The massive buildings should actually be utilised as the center for Krishna Consciousness university as there is Vatican state in Rome. This is recommended by Prahlad Maharaj (Moharaj) in the Srimad Bhagavatam.

For the time being, you can let me have the three vacant quarters now available; but I wish to take charge of the whole house including the outside gardens to turn it into a nice abode for the foreigners who would come there to learn Krishna Consciousness. As Krishna Consciousness is meaningful so also the Jaipur house is magnificent. Let it not be utilised for any other purposes except Krishna. Krishna Consciousness is a great culture and heritage for the Indians and let it be understood by the foreigners who are eager to know it after frustration in material activities. The Government should come forward to give an impetus to this movement and if I get some encouragement from the Government side then I can execute the mission more vehemently.

I have seen the Deities within the temple But I am sorry that the worship there is not the standard as recommended by the Acharyas. The standard method is stated by authorities as follows: Sri vigraha aradhana nitya nana sringara tan mandira marjanadou Yuktasya bhaktans cha niyunyata api vande guror sri charanara vinda.

If it is given to my charge I shall convert the whole compound of the buildings into nice flower garden to be fully utilised for decoration of the Deity and the Temple. No paid servant can worship the deity with heart and soul. It is only those who have actually developed Krishna Consciousness, can fully utilise the great establishment. According to the structure of the temple at least 100 persons should live there to execute the daily routine devotional service in the standard way of hearing and chanting etc. and thus the whole house should be turned into the university of Krishna consciousness, for benefit of the whole world.

The scheme is very great, the place is very nice and as minister in charge of the Devasthan Department you can utilise my humble service and the house for its proper utilisation. If you do this your good name will be recorded in the history of the Krishna Consciousness movement in the world. I have just started the movement in U.S.A. and gradually it will spread all over the world. I am prepared to abide by all kinds of the authorities in this connection and the only thing that I want is that I want some facilities for this great mission.

Thanking you in anticipation for your early decision.

Yours very sincerely,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Shri Brij Sunder Sharma\\
Revenue Minister\\
Government of Rajastan\\
Jaipur. Rajasthan.
