---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — December 29, 1967",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — December 29, 1967",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — December 29, 1967",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 12/27/67, along with the MacMillan Co. agreement form. Prior to this letter I have received your other two letters, but I was expecting this letter, so I did not reply your prior letters earlier. I am sending herewith the agreement duly signed by me. Regarding Mr. Alan Watts introduction, I may inform you if the books will sell nicely by Mr. Watts introduction I do not mind his nonsense. The other gentleman Professor Edward Dimmock of the University of Chicago who is a student of Vaisnavism is willing to give some introduction. But you say he is not well known. For me, either Professor Dimmock or Mr. Watts both are nonsense. Now for selling purpose, if you think Mr. Watts is nice, I have no objection. I give you full power of attorney in this connection. Whoever you like like you can accept.

Regarding other books printed by, published by, or distributed by some European firm is very welcome. You have got also the full power of attorney in this connection. Krishna has sent you to me to help me in my mission. As you are my sincere spiritual son, Krishna will dictate to you what to do in this connection. So I have full faith in you and you can determine as Krishna speaks within your heart.

Regarding Hayagriva and Kirtanananda, if they come again we should accommodate them and should not continue the misunderstanding that has been engineered. I think Hayagriva is anxious in having his name printed in the publication of Gitopanisad. I do not have any objections that his name may be mentioned as one of the editors helping in the editing of Gitopanisad, just to encourage him and keep him in our camp, in case that he may come back and accept our philosophy and resume his editing talent. He has committed a blunder, but just so that he may be encouraged to come back you may mention his name also along with Rayarama's. He is not so convinced of his impersonalist philosophy. It is only due to Kirtanananda's influence that he has left us.

Yes, please send the $500.00 to the United Shipping Co. as I have instructed. When you go to India you may see the manager of Scindia and talk with her with the letter of introduction that I shall give you. It is my decision that you do not leave until the MacMillan agreement is completed.

Your idea of manufacturing the incense in one center is my idea also. Here in S.F. Gargamuni has told me that he is arranging for it to be produced. From here all the temples will be supplied, not that every temple should make it.

I have received the Dwarkin and Sons letter. I have not received any letter from Acyutananda as of yet so please wait till I have received a letter before you write him.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Please deliver MSS. to M/s M&Co. as much as already complete.
