---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mukunda — February 18, 1968",
    "h1":"Mukunda — February 18, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Mukunda — February 18, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Mukunda ======

San Francisco

My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated Feb. 15, 1968, and noted the contents. I have already instructed Jayananda not to occupy the storefront in Berkeley if it is too much risky. We should not accept anything very risky because that will hamper us in our program of Krishna Consciousness. Our motto is simple living, high thinking; we should think of Krishna without being hampered by material disturbances, as far as possible. So too much risky thing is not for us. If something comes very easily for our manipulation we welcome it. You have got already a center in S.F. so it is better to make propaganda so that people may come there in throngs. Gargamuni can make this propaganda by sellng Back To Godheads. Personally, I shall advise you to try for our own temple, either in S.F. or in L.A. You wanted me to talk to some persons who are very rich and I am ready to go with you. In the meantime, as you want to do business and so also Gargamuni, now you can order any amount of Indian goods from Vrindaban De, my younger son. And he has agreed to execute all your orders on 10% commission. I think you should agree to allow him that commission, because unless he gets some profit for his labor, it does not become very encouraging. So if you agree to give him 10%, he will supply all your goods and you may pay on presentation of the documents. If you confirm this then I shall write to him again and both you and Gargamuni can send your order to him without any difficulty.

The dictaphone affair is still lying pendant. Most probably Rayarama is going to India by the middle of March so I would like that he may take with him the dictaphone suitable for Indian electricity. This will save me too much burden when I may return. If the arrangement is made that the N.Y. office of the firm with whom you are negotiating may deliver the dictaphone suitable for India to Rayarama, it will be very nice. Please think over this.

Hope you are well, also your good wife.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Enclosure -1
