---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — February 8, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — February 8, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — February 8, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Brahmananda ======

<card class="letter">
New York

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. Your letter dated Feb. 5, 1968, is just in hand. It is very pleasing to me to see how your heart is working in Krishna Consciousness. I am very much hopeful of your future glories in the matter of propagating this transcendental movement. Your remark that we cannot make Krishna our order supplier is very appropriate. We should always try to supply everything to Krishna and we shall try to avoid any return by Krishna. That is Vaisnava philosophy. The Gopis and Radharani served Krishna without any expectation of material or spiritual profit. They never expected any return from Krishna and Krishna remained ever indebted to the Gopis. Therefore Caitanya Mahaprabhu exalted the worship method of the Gopis, and Krishna when He tries to understand the heart of the Gopis, that is the transformation of Krishna into Lord Caitanya.

I am very much pleased to learn that things in New York are going nicely under your supervision, and I do not see any urgent reason that you shall go to India immediately. You are sincere pure soul, Krishna will give you His transcendental counsel as you shall require from time to time.

I have seen the Life Magazine article; the pictures have come very sublime, and imperceptibly they have admitted our superexcellence of chanting Hare Krishna. You have marked it that they have said: "The chanting of Hare Krishna continues to vibrate the brain for several days." We want to inject this transcendental poison into the heart of the Maya-serpent bitten people in general. Krishna Consciousness by the sound of Hare Krishna, it continues for a moment in the brain of the rascals, then certainly it will act in future to help them to become Krishna Consciousness. In the __Bhagavad-gita__ (2.40) it is said: "__Svalpam apy asya dharmasya trayate mahato bhayat.__" Bhayat means fearfulness. Even a slight injection of this transcendental vibration can save one from the greatest danger. In future, of course, we shall not be very cheap plaything in the hands of the so-called publicity leaders in the kingdom of Maya. We simply give them a little chance to serve Krishna, but we cannot accept their leadership. In future, therefore, we shall agree to such publicity if they publish about ourselves exclusively. I think the Television proposal as written by you may be utilized in that way. Yes, I saw the late Ambassador Mr. B. K. Nehru at San Francisco Hotel and he and his wife received me well. He introduced me also with the Consul General, Mr. Bazpai. So the meeting was nice and I understand that he has recommended my case as a permanent immigrant to the Immigration Department. His assistants and secretaries in the Embassy and Consulate General have written me letters confirming this. They have promised that they will do their best in getting my permanent visa, but usually it takes 5 to 6 months to complete the process. We have, however, submitted the Immigration application by the first week of January, 1968. So I think I shall have to wait for securing the visa. I quite appreciate your proposal that you cannot go out until the two books are published.

I think you are missing the four points of Krishna's superexcellent qualities to be added in the Teachings of Lord Caitanya. The four points are as follows: 1. He can create continuous waves of Transcendental Pastimes which attract the attention of everyone including His Visnu Expansions, 2. His super-excellent beauty in the midst of Radharani and Her Associates, 3. His super-excellent sound of His Transcendental Flute, 4. His super-excellent beauty cannot be surpassed by anyone in the three worlds, namely, the material world, the Vaikuntha Loka, and Krishna Loka. I hope you will add these points to complete the vacancy.

Yes, the essay for the booklet is also the script for the new record. I am very glad that Jadurani is inspecting our fine arts department. It is very much gratifying. Please offer my blessings to the new boy John. I am very much anxious to get our position as non-government organization in the U.N., please try for it your best.

I have received letter from S.S. Brijbasi Company that by the approach of Hitsaran Sharma, they have immediately executed the order. And a copy of the letter is already there in N.Y., and the documents are expected very soon. I have also received letter from United Shipping Corp. that the books, harmoniums, karatalas, mrdangas, etc., are already shipped on the 14th of January, and expected to arrive by the 20th of February.

Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>