---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Pradyumna — February 17, 1968",
    "h1":"Pradyumna — February 17, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Pradyumna — February 17, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Pradyumna ======

My dear Pradyumna,

Please accept my blessings. I have received the transliteration of Brahma Samhita and also your letter of February 14, 1968. I am very much pleased with the nice job you have done.

Presently I am using one copy of the Gita Press version of Srimad-Bhagavatam in connection with my translating work, but in due course I may send it to you and you may transliterate the second and third cantos at that time. So if you can do this transliteration we have enough assignments. You may work together with Gaurasundara in this connection.

Regarding the book list: "Lord Gauranga" by S.K. Ghose and Veder Panchaya by Bon Maharaja are useless and you may not get them. The other books and the Gaudiya paper are acceptable. If you have free use of Xerox machine you may make copies, of some of the smaller works. Regarding Bhakti Puri, Tirtha Maharaja, they are my God-brothers and should be shown respect. But you should not have any intimate connection with them as they have gone against the orders of my Guru Maharaja.

I am glad to know that you are working hard to expand the Krishna Consciousness propaganda in Boston. I may say that this practical devotion is the secret to understanding the Sastras. My Guru Maharaja used to say that for one who is not engaged in devotional service, reading all the books is simply like licking the outside of the honey jar. One who thinks the books is the thing is content in this way. But we should learn the secret to open the jar and taste the honey. In this way, if we can simply understand one book, or one sloka, the perfection is there. Lord Caitanya warned about reading too many books, although I see in America this is very popular to get volumes and volumes of books and not understand one. Anyway by sincerely working by carefully executing the instructions of the Spiritual Master, you will be all successful by Krishna's Grace. I am always praying to Krishna for your advancement in Krishna Consciousness, all of you, sincere souls. Hope you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,
