---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Uddhava, Cidananda — March 1, 1968",
    "h1":"Uddhava, Cidananda — March 1, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Uddhava, Cidananda — March 1, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Uddhava, Cidananda ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Uddhava and Cidananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters sent on Feb. 26, 1968. Yes, the idea of finding a large house for all the devotees is very nice. Please do it. And, if it is available, I shall stay there also, but it must be a quiet place, as much as possible. If it is not yet available, then I can stay in the building above the temple, provided the lift works.

So far the speaking engagements are concerned, they must be well-organized and sponsored, so that there will be enough publicity and many people will come. We are not cheap, we want to speak something, but there must be good accommodations provided. There must be speaker system, and there must be good publicity beforehand so that many may know of us and come. This is very important.

As it is presently planned, we shall leave this place on the 8th of March by PSA Airlines. The flight number is 977, and it leaves Burbank at 10:10 a.m. and arrives at San Francisco at 11:05 a.m. So you can make arrangements accordingly, and I will be very anxious to see all my good San Francisco students again. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

All Glories to Sri Guru & Gouranga

My dear Chandrabali & Annapurna dasis Prabhus,

Please accept my most humble obeisances. I hope you are both well and enjoying Devotional Service. It is so nice that you are making Swamiji's pleasure your busines

I understand from Jayananda Prabhu that you have no adequate funds for so many bramacarinis in S.F. Swamiji suggests that you come here or N.Y. so that we can all work together. ·That is His desire. "If all the brahmacharinis gather together at any one place, I will prefer that proposition". So you cannot accommodate us but we cannot accommodate you. I sleep in the Temple in front of the altar. If you like, please join me or you can go to New York (there are about seven or eight brahmacharinis there). I visit every so often but I may go there soon as much as Swamiji wants us all together. The weather is crumby in both these eastern abodes· (sign the demonic pop. is increasing.) When Hiranyakasipu & brother were born the whole universe went black, only rained blood, puss etc. but that is very good for D.S. When Haridas was thrown in jail all the inmates bowed down to the great devotee & asked for a boon. He said I would like you to stay in jail. They got angry--didn't understand so He explained. This whole world is a jail but in there is not illicit sex, no intoxication etc. which bind you to material world. So this is opportune place for being liberated.

Anyway if you can come please do, that would be so nice. If not keep in touch anyway. These girls in N.Y. go to H.S. so right now they probably could not leave N.Y. even if you got mansion. Please try to come to S.F.

Your servant,\\
Jadurani Dasi

</card>