---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 1, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — March 1, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 1, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Feb. 27, 1968, and I have already sent one letter a few days ago to Acyutananda sanctioning his coming back, in consideration of his deteriorated health. Today also I am writing one letter to him, the copy of which is enclosed herewith, which will speak for itself. This Maya will attack the body always, because the body itself is the source of all troubles. We try to make a solution of our misfortunes, but at the same time we want to keep this body. People do not understand the simple truth that if anyone wants real happiness, he has to get out of the entanglements of this material body, which is only possible by practice of Krishna Consciousness.

About going to India, via Europe, visiting several countries, like England, Amsterdam, Germany, etc., we shall confer together when I return back to N.Y. in April; I think Janardana will also come to join in the conference. So we have to make our program for future activity jointly.

There must have been some mistake. I think $395.00 is the total shipping charges for all the cases. These are some of the difficulties of Export-Import business. So you have to go to the shipping office and see the real things. I have not yet received your copy of the letter received from them. Anyway, you have to clear the goods and do it at your discretion. Because how can I know things from such a distant place.

Remind the Brijabasi Co. in reply to their last letter.

Regarding press affairs: When I return to NY, we shall talk together with Mr. Kallman, that if he invests only $10,000, we can have a nice press equipment for conducting all our printing works, including books. In case Mr. Kallman is prepared to invest at least $5,000, then we can also invest $5000 from the book fund. And I think investment of $10,000 will be sufficient for starting a press just necessary for our work.

Regarding supplies from India: I have induced my younger son, Vrindaban De, to supply all kinds of Indian craftsmanship, namely ornaments, cloth, fine arts, dolls, saris, wooden slippers, linen shirts, or, anything that is sellable here, on 10% commission, and he has agreed. Mukunda and Gargamuni have agreed, and they are going to place orders to him. I think he may get 10% commission for his labor, and he can supply everything you may require from India. The terms is 25% should be advanced, and the balance paid on delivery of the documents. This arrangement, I think, will help to import all kinds of Indian art without any difficulty, and you can arrange for importing things that you may require.

Hope you are well.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Your second letter of 2/28/68 is just received while posting this letter with enclosures. So far the shipping documents are concerned you can clear the goods by presenting the original letters of the shipping agents. In the meantime I am writing to the Punjab National Bank. India govt is worthless management. So there is some anomalies which will be rectified. In the meantime get the goods cleared with Indemnity Board if so required. I cannot apply my brain in everything. This taxes me so much that my heart begins to %%__%%. Please therefore do the needful by seeing the shipping authorities, and in the meantime I shall read the letters calmly. In future I think we shall have to change this shipping agents and find out one better.

You will be glad to learn that Jayananda the President of San Francisco is purchasing a nice house there as we tried in New York. The price is $50,000.00 or near about and he has asked my approval. I think I shall send my approval with pleasure and as soon as the house's purchased we shall install Sri Sri Radha Krishna Vigraha there in a permanent place. The copy of Acyutananda's letter is enclosed. I am leaving for San Francisco on the 8th March by 10 o'clock morning. Hope you are well.

Your servant,
