---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mukunda — April 9, 1968",
    "h1":"Mukunda — April 9, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Mukunda — April 9, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Mukunda ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated March 29, 1968, and am very much appreciating it. Please do all your nice proposals, do it economically and save everything for Krishna. Yes, it is very good idea to build a nice Temple for Krishna, apply all energy for Krishna. How one is successful in his work is tested by whether or not Krishna is satisfied. The Impersonalists cannot enjoy this bliss of how to satisfy Krishna. They make Krishna dead, so they will remain dead, never to understand Krishna. They cannot understand.

No, the Immigration dept. has not given any hint, but from the first hint formerly, it was to take 5 or 6 months, so we have to wait patiently and let us see the results. I asked Mrs. Thompson, but she said it is difficult to say exactly how long it will take.

It is very good news that Kirtana and all is going on nicely, that is our life and soul. And it will make us advanced. We have held so many meetings here. One at Oakland Library, and also at some Unitarian churches. They very much appreciated our presentation. Last night we had one lecture at Stanford University; it was not as good as last year, but not bad, the students all danced and made some contribution, and bought our literature. At one Unitarian church on Sunday we sold $20.00 of literature. And in N.Y. we have news that in the park many people are joining in, and they are collecting very nicely. We are trying to purchase one house here, and most probably your S.F. branch will have its own house very soon. We are not interested in having our own house, but we should always remember, why Krishna should remain in a rented house? Although everything belongs to Him, still our energy should remain employed so that we can have many temples all over the country. I have asked quotations from India about brass statues 24" high, and unless I get the quotations you can stop for now the casting. But if possible, I may see a sample of his work.

Acyutananda and Harivilasa have informed me that Hrsikesa has taken the step as a matter of diplomacy, but he will come back again when I come back to India. I am not astonished for his behavior, but I am sorry for my God-brother's behavior. He is a neophyte and so he may commit so many mistakes, but Bon Maharaja should not have committed such mistake. It is not approved by Vaisnava etiquettes.

Hoping you are both well.

Your ever-wellwisher,

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. How is Janaki? Please offer blessings to her as also to Baladeva. his family, Umapati and Sankarasan. shall be glad to hear from them. ACB
</card>