---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yamuna — June 7, 1968",
    "h1":"Yamuna — June 7, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Yamuna — June 7, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Yamuna ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Yamuna devi,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter dated June 3, 1968. The ISKCON RADHA KRISHNA TEMPLE will perpetually continue as such. But in spite of that, San Francisco shall be gradually transformed into New Jagannatha Puri. That is my plan, and try to help in that way. The sign on the temple should read: ISKCON SRI SRI RADHA KRISHNA TEMPLE.

Yes, please decorate Jagannatha with very attractive nice clothing and ornaments, helmets, as brightly and magnificently as possible. The sample of decorating Jagannatha is already instructed to Harsarani, and in that way you can make arrangements. There shall be sufficient flower garlands for them daily also.

The decoration should be so attractive that people when seeing Jagannatha will forget all attractiveness of Maya. Then it will be successful, and actually, this is the process of decorating Jagannatha. Our eyes are attracted by the beauty of Maya, but if our eyes are attracted by the beauty of Krishna, the Jagannatha, then there is no more chance of our being attracted by Maya. In other words, when seeing Jagannatha nicely decorated, we become freed from the clutches of Maya.

I am sure if you and your husband, Mukunda and Janaki, and Syamasundara and Malati join, certainly the London program will be a grand success. I have already written about this to your husband, and you can know from him about this program.

The report of the Brahmacari classes is very good; I do not mind that it is only two boys; if you work combinedly and very nicely, that is the program. We can not expect that everyone shall become Krishna Consciousness, because only the most pious and fortunate living entities can join this movement. But we are giving chance for everyone and it is up to him, to take advantage or not. You will be glad to know that our the super most contribution to the world, namely, Teachings of Lord Caitanya, is coming out very soon. The letter composition is already complete, and I am seeing the final proof, and the book will be ready by the month of September. So, if you can organize a nice Kirtana party backed by this book, our program will be a grand success. Let us hope for the best by the Grace of Lord Krishna. I hope this will find you in good health.

Hoping you are both well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>