---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — June 18, 1968",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — June 18, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — June 18, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gargamuni ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated June 11, 1968, and noted the contents. Your sentiments expressed in this letter are transcendentally relished. Certainly you are mine and I am Krishna's, therefore you are also Krishna's. In the Krishna Consciousness activities that is the process. By following the disciplic succession, beginning from Krishna, everything becomes ultimately connected with Krishna. And Krishna being absolute, anything connected with Him becomes absolute, without any duality of concept like in the material world. In the material world, it is called illusion because everyone thinks I or my. But in the spiritual world, everything is Krishna. We being part and parcel of Krishna, when we surrender fully unto Krishna with sincerity of purpose, through the transparent via media of the spiritual master. One who thinks himself as Krishna's, he is non-different from Krishna. So the attitude which you are mentioning is the Grace of Krishna, and I wish by His Lordship's Mercy you will continue this aptitude of becoming more and more progressed in Krishna Consciousness. Thank you very much for thinking in such a nice way.

Regarding the press, recently I have received one letter from Rayarama which I am enclosing herewith for your perusal. You can open correspondence with him about the press, and give him the details of the press materials. I think they are asking $5000.00 to make a bargain; if we can purchase a press for $1000.00 as informed by Rayarama, why should we spend $5000.00. Anyway, you can open correspondence with Rayarama in this connection, and certainly as we need a press for printing our books and magazines, I think Krishna is presenting us with the opportunity to purchase one press of our own. Here also in Montreal the temple space is very great, and part of it we can very easily spare for running on a nice press. And Mr. Kallman is ready to invest money. So far manpower is concerned, I think we shall be able to get it. There will be no scarcity of manpower. So considering all these different angles, if we can have our own press, it will serve the greatest purpose of our mission. Please therefore send the details of the press to Rayarama and if possible, send me a copy of the details. But I guess they are demanding not very reasonably. It cannot be so much high priced. Hoping you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>