---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — June 7, 1968",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — June 7, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — June 7, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Syamasundara ======

San Francisco

My dear Syamasundara,

I am so glad to receive your letter dated May 30, 1968, redirected from Boston. Don't mind very much that I have not received the permanent visa. I think it is Krishna's desire and blessings; as a Sannyasin, I should not fix up at a certain place and take your service comfortably. It is not the desire of Krishna. He wants me travelling throughout the whole Western part of the world and therefore I think it is Krishna's desire that now I shall shift my activities at least for some time in the European countries. So it is almost certain that I'm going to London by the month of August. And if you all wish to come there, then you can prepare for the trip. So far I remember that you know German language as well as Dutch language, so after we have started our London branch, you shall have to go to Germany and I think Hansadutta can help you there, because he also knows some broken German. The whole idea is that if we can organize a nice Kirtana party which Mukunda can do, because he is music master, and if we travel in the European countries with this Kirtana party, supported by our books and literature, I am sure it will be a great successful missionary work. I know both you and your wife are very sincere servitors of the Lord, and if Malati delivers her baby during the Rathayatra festival, then she can take one month's rest in July, and may be able to accompany you with her newly born Krishna Consciousness baby. For the time being, finish your work in the hands, and side by side try to chalk out a program how we shall propagate Krishna Consciousness in the European countries. Your letter under reply has very much encouraged me and I thank you once more for this nice sentiments. Hope you are both well, and offer my blessings to Srimati Malati and others.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
