---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — July 14, 1968",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — July 14, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — July 14, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

My dear Kirtanananda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated July 8, 1968, along with Hayagriva's letters. I have replied Hayagriva in detail---you will see it. Our only life and soul is Kirtana and by the Grace of Krishna, you are Kirtanananda. So the present activities which you are performing there, chanting and preparing Prasadam for the Deity, is very nice program. This chanting of Hare Krishna and our sincere desire to serve Krishna will make everything clear, even if there is some impediments, because from Srimad-Bhagavatam we understand that a system of religiousity is to be understood as the most perfect if by following such system, we enrich our tendency to love God. Actually that tendency is in everyone, but on account of not being associated with pure devotees, our love is placed on something non-God. The whole process of Krishna Consciousness is to replace our love to Krishna. So any process that helps us to increase our love of Krishna, that is the best system of religiousity. Such system cannot be checked by any material impediments, and such development of love of Krishna is without any cause. Chanting of Hare Krishna is not meant for achieving any other better thing than Krishna. But when we chant Hare Krishna without any offense, we relish Krishna, the Reservoir of all pleasure.

Now by the Grace of Krishna, you have got a nice place, a nice atmosphere. So I quite approve your present activities. Continue it sincerely, and when the time will be favorable, people may come to you and take advantage of the transcendental facility for chanting Hare Krishna.

Hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. You will be pleased to know here we are performing kirtana in the Expo. They have paid us $300.00. It may be they increase the period. Yesterday it was

[TEXT UNCLEAR]
