---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — July 16, 1968",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — July 16, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — July 16, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gurudasa ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you for your letter (undated), and I am so glad to see the photo album sent by you. But I have not received any newspaper clippings regarding the procession---neither I have received the 2 slides which you mentioned in your letter under reply. (you mentioned 2 slides, one of Lord Jagannatha and one of the car) You write to say that there was one article in the San Francisco Examiner on July 1, 1968, but I have received none till now. Please try to send one copy as soon as possible. you will know about my plan about London-yatra from the letter which I am addressing today of the Rathayatra festival. I understand that Mukunda and Janaki are now living with you, but I have not received any letter from them. Anyway, I understand that Mukunda is leading now a nice Kirtana party in the streets, and there is good response. The time is fast approaching when we will have to perform such public Kirtana in all the important cities of the world. Here also, in the Expo, they have performed Kirtana. for two days, and it is wonderfully successful.

Your appreciation of the Rathayatra festival and realizing the beauty of Kirtana and Jagannatha as well as the magnanimity of Lord Caitanya in His sublime teachings, are some of the wonderful things that I mark in your progressively advancement in Krishna Consciousness. Please try to continue this attitude and you will be more and more happy in your life, and at the end, get entrance into the association of Krishna. Chant Hare Krishna, both husband and wife, regularly, and worship Lord Krishna's Sri Murti, as you are doing, and try to elevate others in Krishna Consciousness, which has nothing to do with academic education; I therefore wish that instead of wasting your time for 2 or 3 years for taking a degree, you may increase your scope of activities for recruiting such boys and training them in Krishna Consciousness. But if your state laws do not allow it to hold any class without such degree then you must get such degree. On the whole you have got a very nice engagement for training children in Krishna Consciousness. And I think you are very fit for it. I am sure if you endeavor in this line of service, Krishna will be very much pleased and will shower His blessing more and more. You are very nice girl and I have got full faith in you and I wish that you can develop this line of service to the society.

If possible, please send me the address of __Prasad__; I want to write him one letter.

Hope you are both well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>