---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Purusottama — August 19, 1968",
    "h1":"Purusottama — August 19, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Purusottama — August 19, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Purusottama ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Purusottama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated August 16, 1968, and have noted the contents carefully. I thank you very much that you are always thinking of me; similarly, take it from me I also always think of you. I could not have allowed you to go to New York but your service was urgently needed by Brahmananda, so I could not refuse that. Anyway, your service to Krishna, either with me or anywhere else, is the same.

Your writing of letter to Jaya Govinda in India is all right. But at any cost, if he is in difficulty and if the letter of guarantee is absolutely necessary, then it should be issued in his favor, as requested by him. Regarding your inquiry into Japan for reprinting the book, the best thing will be to arrange for our own press. Take quotation from the Japanese firm, but I do not think, unless we print in large quantity, it will not be very cheap. Similarly, you can also inquire from Hong Kong as you have described, I have no objection, but our next attempt should be to start our own press. As such, I have already instructed Uddhava about these things, and so far photography work is concerned, you have got some experience and you can learn about it sufficiently in the meantime. As soon as Advaita and Uddhava says the press can be started now, we must start our own press. That I have decided. And here, Anapurna, she has agreed and her future husband, Ananda, he has also agreed to work on the typographic machine. You can inquire the price of the typographic machine also. Last time we inquired from IBM about the typographic machine, or vari-type machine, so I do not know whether Rayarama has already purchased it, but our printing process should be on the typographic machine and vari-type machine, and get the photo of the prints. That will be the process of our printing. So you can inquire in the meantime.

Today, the London party led by Mukunda and Syamasundara will reach to New York, and if Syamasundara requires the copy of Bhagavad-gita, for translating it into German. So if he wants it you may hand over the copy, original copies, from my closet, and he will translate into German. Hope this will find you in good health; also, offer my blessings to Brahmananda, and others.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>