---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — August 19, 1968",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — August 19, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — August 19, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated August 12, 1968, and I have noted the contents carefully. Regarding the missing first 15 chapters, rest assured there will (be) no difficulty to get them back, and I am just remembering where they are lying. Most probably it is in India, so in my next letter, I shall inquire from Acyutananda or if you desire, you can inquire from him, also. His address is, c/o Radha Press, 993/3 Main Road, Gandhi Nagar, Delhi-31.

Regarding collection from the park: Please try to get the permit. This will help us getting such permit in all other centers. This responsive contribution of our kirtana is very nice program for our propaganda. If you are successful in this matter, then there will be no difficulty about our financial position. If we can sell our books and literature and have some collection from the public, then our economic problem is solved. So try to get this permit with your great endeavor. Another thing, you will be pleased to know that I have advised Sacisuta to go to you and join you. He is now in San Francisco, and you can also write to him as I have advised to join you, you can also send him an invitation letter. That boy is searching out a nice place of peace so that he can execute Krsna Consciousness; I think he was not satisfied in Los Angeles, so he proposes to go to Buffalo, but I have advised him to go to you, and if you invite him, it will be nice. So far Jadurani is concerned, inform her that this body is Kṛṣṇa's body. Therefore, she should take care of her health. Of course it is very encouraging that she puts forward service of Krsna first, then all other consideration. It is very nice, and I very much appreciate this attempt. But still, we should not neglect about our health. Because the body of a devotee is not material. The body of a devotee should not be neglected as material. This has been warned by the Gosvamis, that we should not neglect any material thing if it can be used for Krsna Consciousness. So her body, because it is engaged in Krsna's service, is valuable. So not only she, but all of you, should take care of this poor girl. She has left her parents and she is unmarried, no husband, so of course, she is not poor, because she has got so many God-brothers, and sisters, and above all Krsna, she is not at all poor. In spite of that, we should care about her health. That is our duty, and inform her that she may not strain beyond her capacity. Of course, such kinds of trouble may come and go, a devotee s not afraid of such things, but still it is our duty to think always that this is Krsna's body, and this must not be neglected. So far the Mahajana comic picture, it was very nicely drawn, but actually it is not so distinct. Next time, I request that picture must be very distinct and clear. There is no question of hurrying. I have given some hints to Brahmananda about a story of a mouse and a tiger, and you can ask him for the hints. And he will give you. In the meantime, if Brahmananda asks you to join in some important meeting, I think you will be able to go for a day or two. I am so glad that Sriman Srinivasa is already contributing some money for the activities of the society, and please convey my sincere thanks to him, and Krishna will be very much please, for his mentality. Regarding your question: Is it not true that by service I am with you? It is very correct. You are not only in connection with me, but you are connected with the whole posterity, up to Krishna. It is so nice thing. By service only, we are connected. As it is stated in the Srimad-Bhagavatam, "Sevon mukhe hi jihvadau svayam eva sphuraty adhah." So the presence of Krishna is always everywhere, but it is simply manifested by your service. That is the technique. "Sabhung Kalidumbrum" everywhere Brahma is present. Just like everywhere there is electricity. It is the technical art that brings out electric power from everywhere. So by service, you are not only in touch with me, but my Predecessors, the Acaryas, up to Krishna. The fourth Canto Bhagavata is already there, and I do not know how far you have made progress, but do not be in hurry. The temple organization is your first business, and editing secondary, because there are many others also who can do that. But the organization of the temple and to make the Boston center a nice center, because there are so many young men students. and we are specially interested in the younger generation because they can accept this philosophy very quickly. And in the Srimad-Bhagavatam it is recommended by Prahlada Maharaja that unmarried boys should accept this Bhagavata dharma or Krishna Consciousness for their life's benefit. We have to convince them about this, that this life is very valuable so long this material education has misled us. Misled us in this way, that it is without Krishna Consciousness. So when Krishna Consciousness added to this material advancement, it becomes aromatic gold. Gold is very beautiful, but if there is some aroma, aromatic gold, if it is available in the market, it will have greater value. So material civilization is very good for comforts of the body. Now if we do not utilize the strength and comforts of body for Krishna Consciousness, it will be used for sense gratification. And that will degrade our position. So the younger section of this country should take it very seriously, that they should take to Krishna Consciousness, and the next generation will be a different public, in the western world, who are materially and spiritually advanced and they will be happy in this life as well as in the next.

Hope you are all well there, and please take care that Jadurani shall remain healthy and not over expend herself.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
