---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sri Krishna Prasad Bhargava — September 3, 1968",
    "h1":"Sri Krishna Prasad Bhargava — September 3, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Sri Krishna Prasad Bhargava — September 3, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sri Krishna Prasad Bhargava ======

Sri Krishna Prasad Bhargava\\
G. G. Industries\\
Agra, India

My dear Sri Krishna Prasadji,

Please accept my greetings. Since a very long time I did not hear from you, and I hope everything is going well there. The Society is so obliged to you for sending us the two Sri Murtis Who are being regularly worshiped by the devotees here, and they very much appreciate the attractive feature of these Murtis. You will be glad to know also that in the meantime, we have established eleven centers, as follows; in these various cities: New York; San Francisco; Buffalo; Santa Fe, New Mexico; Montreal, Canada; Los Angeles; London, England; West Berlin, Germany; and Seattle, Washington; and Vancouver, British Columbia. And by the Grace of Krishna we may be able to establish more centers in the very near future. I do not know where from you secured these nice Murtis, but I would like to have such Murtis at least 20 pairs, with height of not less than 24 inches. So if you kindly give me the quotation for such Murtis from the manufacturer where from you secured these Murtis, I shall arrange to send you the required money, either directly or by negotiation through some friends in India. It is my ambition that Indian Vaisnavas may contribute at least one pair of Murtis, following your nice example, and we can establish them in each and every center of our Society. If we do not find such persons to contribute such Murtis, then the Society can arrange to send you the required money.

It is not that the Society cannot pay for the Murtis, but it is my desire that Indian Vaisnavas should be energetic in cooperating with this Krishna Consciousness movement in the Western countries. I am already in correspondence with some friends in India, and they may be agreeable to contribute one pair, each of them, so in the meantime, if you kindly give me the exact price for similar Murtis (only with greater height, of at least 24 inches), I will appreciate this very much.

On the 8th instant, I am going to San Francisco, and I will be glad to receive your favorable reply to my San Francisco address, as follows: ISKCON RADHA KRISHNA TEMPLE; 518 Frederick Street; San Francisco, California; 94117.

I hope this will find you in good health, and thanking you in anticipation.

Yours very sincerely,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
