---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Aniruddha — September 27, 1968",
    "h1":"Aniruddha — September 27, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Aniruddha — September 27, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Aniruddha ======

My dear Aniruddha,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated Sept. 24, 1968, and it is very encouraging. May Krishna bless you all. I am so glad to learn that Nandarani and her husband are all so enthusiastically trying to render service to Krishna and you have got very good assistants---Harer Nama, and Varaha Murti. It is so encouraging to learn that Varaha Murti has got permission from his Hiranyaksa-father. Perhaps you know this story of Varaha Murti. Hiranyaksa put the earthly planet within the water, and Lord Varaha lifted the merged earthly planet by His big tusks. So Krishna has given you all a good chance for developing Hollywood, and I hope in the near future all the artists will take to Krishna Consciousness movement, and Hollywood shall become a holy place.

Regarding my going to Los Angeles: I can go at any time, but I think if you are serious to call me you can do so by the middle of October. I think that will be nice. Now, my plan is that personally I shall try to retire from active participation, but I want a place where I can live with at least 15 devotees engaged in editorial work, recording work, photographic work, painting work, etc., so that I may prepare materials for the preaching party who will go with all these paraphernalia and preach Krishna Consciousness all over the world. If you think that you can help me in this respect then it may be I can make Hollywood as my headquarters. In the meantime, I have received letter from Hawaii, and it appears that a good center can be opened there. So let us organize all the centers which are already opened. And until we are fully organized, all these places are fully organized, we shall not make any more attempts.

Dinesh is a good technician in the matter of film making, and gramophone record making, and it is understood that in Hollywood is a good place for such kind of activities. So somehow or other, you organize your center nicely, and I shall be glad to visit if necessary by the middle of October.

Hope you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
