---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mukunda — September 14, 1968",
    "h1":"Mukunda — September 14, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Mukunda — September 14, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Mukunda ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Mukunda,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter dated Sept. 9, 1968, and I have noted the contents carefully. Previously I received one letter from Syamasundara as well as from Gurudasa. I have replied Syamasundara's letter already and I am subjoining herewith also the reply to Gurudasa.

I know in London there are many Indians settled as residents. And most of them own their own house also. Sometimes back when I was in Vrindaban, we had talk with Bon Maharaja and he gave me the idea that in London the Indians want some nice temple. So if you can establish one nice temple of Radha Krishna with the cooperation of the Indians, I think there is great possibility for this purpose. I am confident that you will be able to do this because in the beginning of my starting this International Society, you helped me in so many ways. The San Francisco center was also established by your endeavor and cooperation by Syamasundara, and now both of you are in London, so I am sure the London center will certainly be established.

Annapurna's father, Mr. Webb, told me that there are many old churches which are not being properly used. So if you can secure one big church, that will be very nice. I am glad to learn that in London there are 2 to 5 lacs of Indians. And if they cooperate with you, we can maintain a very big establishment. If they contribute one pound per annum per head, that means a lot of money. And temple organization is the best means to attract devotees. Temple organization means decorating the Deities very nicely, with flowers, lights, dress, decoration, offering nice foodstuff in good silver plates, five times arati, with Kirtana and lecturing. So you have got all these ideas, and you are six there. If you strictly follow the rules and regulations and become American priests, of the temple, so the Indian hindus will be surprised and certainly they will be attracted. Just like the hindus in San Francisco are being gradually attracted due to our nice temple arrangement here. They will hold a meeting here with me tomorrow at 11:00 a.m. to consider how to improve the temple. One of the Gujarati devotees has contributed a silver Vigraha of Krishna, and has donated $51.00. I came here to San Francisco last Sunday, the 8th, and there was a nice function of installing the Deity in the temple throne, and initiation of several newcomers devotees. I thought that Cidananda could go to Australia, but that idea has not been successful because the man in charge is an atheist, and as he scented that Cidananda is going to establish a center of Hare Krishna, he has withdrawn his cooperation and proved that his country is very unfortunate. So I am asking Gaurasundara to go to Hawaii or Florida. Gargamuni has already started one center at Seattle and Ananda Brahmacari from Montreal has gone to Vancouver. And New Vrindaban is being taken care of by several devotees.

I hope that the money which I sent from Montreal to the Charter Bank in account of Samuel Speerstra has already been received by him. I shall be glad to hear on this point. So the $1,655.00 and further $600.00 contributed by me and Hansadutta may be conveniently deposited in London in the branch of Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce. And open an account in my name. And send the passbook to me so that when I shall go to London there will be no difficulty there for me. I hope this will find you in good health, and offer my blessings to Janaki. Please keep me informed at least once in a week.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>