---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — October 9, 1968",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — October 9, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — October 9, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept by blessings. I have received your letter without date, stating about the situation in Boston. On the statement of your letter, I can understand that it is a political situation. Of course, although everything includes in Krishna Consciousness, we do not wish to take part directly in controversial politics. We can take part in politics only which is sanctioned by Krishna. This political struggle by the students is different thing. It is reaction of the karma. Because both the opposing parties namely, the students who have taken shelter in the churches, and the government force, which is coming to arrest them, both of them are on the same category, because when there will be question of meat eating, or supporting the slaughterhouse, both of them will agree. So the present situation is reaction of man's sinful activities. We, specially recommend to restrain from four kinds of primary sinful activities, namely, illicit sex, intoxication, meat-eating, and gambling. But all these fighting people, they are cent per cent addicted to all these habits. So if they are serious of mitigating the unpalatable situation of the society, they must agree to accept Krishna Consciousness, otherwise, there is no possibility of peace in the world. Anyway the situation in Boston as you have described is not very much favorable for preaching our Krishna Consciousness, but if there is possibility of selling our Back To Godheads, that is very nice. You can take advantage.

So far my going to Boston, unless the students agree to hear patiently for some time, Bhagavad-gita, Teachings of Lord Caitanya, the casual lectures will not be very much beneficial. So they are not very much interested, otherwise they would have come to our classes. But I told you previously that I am prepared to go provided they pay the expenses. But I think that is also not possible. So why should you take the risk? Of getting me there and with great difficulty you shall maintain my expenses, I think it is not very much favorable, so we shall see later on what is to be done; for the time being let it be dropped.

Students' prayers 24 hours a day to listen to the political talks and desiring the war should stop is useless. God cannot be their order supplier. First of all they act sinfully, and when there is reaction of war, pestilence, famine, and so many other nature's disturbances, they pray to God for stopping them. This is not possible. Just like a criminal first of all commits theft, burglary and debauchery, and when he is captured, by the police force, if he prays to the government to stop, that is not possible. So they are engaged in all sinful activities, and by natures' law, there must be reaction. I am encouraging now cow killing or animal killing, and when by nature's law, the turn comes upon me to be killed, if I pray I want to stop it, how it can be stopped? So their process is not very genuine. They want to make God as order supplier. So God is not order supplier. He is order giver. He orders everyone to surrender unto Him, and the fools and rascals who do not surrender unto Him, they want to order God in the form of so-called prayer, that He should ask material nature to stop her legal activities. That is not possible. So the situation is not very favorable, but if somebody agrees to hear Bhagavad-gita and the Teachings of Lord Caitanya, continually for some time, even they do not pay me anything, I am prepared to go and lecture. But not to take part in some political agitation. So I was awaiting your letter if I was to go to Boston, now I shall prepare my next program. I think for going to Los Angeles. And my going to Europe is not yet fixed up.

Regarding Jadurani: I am very glad that you are taking all precaution, and all care for the poor girl, whose health is very deteriorated, and you first of all see that she is quite strong enough, she has improved in health, then there is question of Krishna Conscious baby. Otherwise, forget, better you and Jadurani become Krishna Conscious children directly, than producing Krishna Conscious baby at the present moment. Hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Most probably we shall have our secretarial office in UN Church Center by the next month. I shall require some nice paintings for this important office.
