---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — October 10, 1968",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — October 10, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — October 10, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Syamasundara ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. Since I received your letter dated September 26, 1968, I have not heard anything from either of you, so I am very much anxious to know about the London affairs. You will be glad to know that Sivananda has already opened our Iskcon Radha Krishna Temple in Berlin. The copy of the letter which I am sending just now to him is also enclosed herewith, please find. I do not know why there is so much difficulty in finding out a house on rent. I was in correspondence with Mr. Webb, Annapurna's father, and he informed me that there were so many vacant houses, churches etc., simply he wanted that somebody from our side should go to London, and see which place was suitable. So, if possible, you can see Mr. Webb. I understand that some of the Indian people there are sympathetic with you, but can they not help you in finding out a place?

Regarding the money, $1655, dispatched from Canada: I am very glad to learn that you have traced out the money and it is now safely lodged in your external sterling account. In my last letter, I asked you to deposit the money in my account in London, expecting that I may be called to visit London, but I can guess that immediately there is no such prospect of my going to London, therefore I am asking you to transfer the money to New York for being deposited in my account No. 0420160131, with the First National City Bank, Grand Street Branch, Grand Street at Bowery, New York, 13, N.Y. I immediately require about $10,000 for paying bills of Dai Nippon in Tokyo, and MacMillan in New York. So please transfer the money to the above account, and let me know when you have done so. As you informed me that you are going to deposit the money in the Charter Bank which has branches all over the world, it was nice proposal, but as I need the money immediately for paying my bill, you can transfer the money to the above mentioned bank.

Here the Kirtana party headed by Tamala Krishna and others are doing very nicely. They are selling Back To Godhead, sometimes more than a 100 copies, minimum 50 copies, and collecting donations, 30 to 50 dollars everyday. So are you getting some collection by holding Kirtana in different places of London? There must be some source of income, otherwise, how you can maintain yourself there.

I am also trying to get one secretarial office in the Church Center of the United Nations, with a view to confer with the heads of the United Nations, both political and ecclesiastical, to propagate our Krishna Consciousness. Please let me know replies for all the points raised herein, and offer my blessings to Mukunda, Janaki, Malati, Yamuna and Gurudasa.

I have sent some drawings to Yamuna devi for the certificates, and I hope she is taking proper care. I understand Malati is having some rheumatic condition, and it is causing pain and numbness. The best thing is to take hot baths, and massage with camphor oil, and if it is too much painful, use Sloan's liniment. Best thing is to consult with some expert physician. The Ayurvedic medicine which I could recommend is probably not available in London, but if there is any Ayurvedic shop let me know and I shall recommend some medicine. The best thing is to chant Hare Krishna loudly.

Hoping you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>