---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — November 12, 1968",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — November 12, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — November 12, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Syamasundara ======

<card class="letter">
London

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated Nov. 4, 1968. The description of your letter reveals that you want to serve Krishna more and more. This is very good sign. Service of Krishna is so nice that one becomes enthusiastic to serve more and more. That is the nature of spiritual service. I can understand also that because you could not start a temple in London you are feeling little disappointed, but there is no cause for such disappointment. I can understand that you are doing very well there even though we have not got our own temple. The pictures which Malati has sent me are nice, very very nice. From the pictures I can understand how sincerely you are working there. So even we could not establish a temple, there our preaching work is not in vain. So there is no cause of disappointment---you go on with your work as you are doing and everything will come successful in due course.

Yes, it is your good fortune that you can serve Krishna in so many ways---to work, to write, to speak, to paint, to build---all of these talents must be employed in Krishna's service. That will make you perfect. We are so fortunate to be in this human form of life, and to have the opportunity and the capacity to serve Krishna, and as there is very little time, we must do as much each day as we possibly can to serve Krishna, and to become always engaged in thoughts and activities of Krishna. Maya may try to pull us from Krishna's service, and try to engage us in her service, but we must simply persevere, and try to do as much as possible for Krishna each day, and gradually it will be easier and easier to keep engaged in Krishna Consciousness activities. And pray to Krishna to please keep us always engaged in the service of His Lotus Feet. Krishna is very kind, and He is never ungrateful, and will give you more and more opportunity to serve Him. That is His Mercy.

I hope this meets you all in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>