---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — November 12, 1968",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — November 12, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — November 12, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters dated Nov. 5, 1968, and previous to this I received your other letters along with Rayarama's, with enclosure of Parvat Maharaja's letter, and I think I have replied that. I have written also a separate letter to Acyutananda requesting him first of all to go to Bombay with Jaya Govinda, and if their trial in Bombay failed then he can stay in Vrindaban with determination. But I think if they go together to Bombay there will be good success. And as Jaya Govinda is going to Bombay, I think you should send him a letter of indemnity. When you write to Jaya Govinda please acknowledge receipt of 6 phials of medicine which I have this morning received intact, forwarded by you. This packing was very nice, and there was no loss of medicine. But remind him that 12 phials of medicine which he sent previously by surface mail to Montreal address is not yet received. Ask him to lodge a complaint to the post office there, referring to the parcel registration number, and date.

Regarding press, if the Dai Nippon Company has not come to conclusion and the matter is prolonged so much then we cannot wait any more, in that case, the 6000 dollars which I have kept aside for their payment may be invested in press work, and the book printed in our own press. Please think over this matter seriously.

Regarding book commission, if you think 30% to the temple is suitable you can allow such 30% instead of 40%, keeping aside 20% for the book fund. I have received a letter from Gargamuni. It is very much depressing. I thought that your father and mother will receive him as beloved child, but instead they are ill treating, or at least not treating as beloved child. I am very much sorry for this behavior, and I do not think Gargamuni will be able to do anything good in that situation. When he comes next in the temple, you can inform him about my opinion in this connection. As he is not very comfortable in that position there, I think he may come back and join you again. He has got his own independent talents, and he can very easily become a big businessman himself. We shall try to help him in that way, instead of pushing him into the blazing fire of karmis' activities. I was induced to send him there because your father was so anxious to get him as his assistant. But he is not prepared even to give him a good apartment and what to speak of a good car. So I don't think the situation is very favorable.

Hoping you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
