---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yamuna, Mukunda, Syamasundara — November 8, 1968",
    "h1":"Yamuna, Mukunda, Syamasundara — November 8, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Yamuna, Mukunda, Syamasundara — November 8, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Yamuna, Mukunda, Syamasundara ======

<card class="letter">
London

My dear Yamuna, Mukunda, and Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I have duly received your letters dated Nov. 1, Nov. 2, and Oct. 25, respectively, and I have noted the contents carefully. I am confident that you are all trying your best so there is no question of doing things hastily. You can execute your respective duties peacefully and I am confident that you will be successful. I understand from Yamuna's letter that one English boy has given you rent-free a four story small building for living accommodations. This is all Krishna's Grace.

Regarding the challenge in the International Times, I am sorry to read the letter of a rascal advertising himself as Swami Gitananda, but from his letter it appears that he is neither a Swami nor has ever read Bhagavad-gita. He is so rascal that he describes the River Yamuna as metaphysical in lower consciousness, although the River Yamuna is flowing so happily all over the Northern India. He is claiming yogi, but he does not know that the greatest yogi is the devotee of Lord Krishna. So we can reply him in so many ways to teach this rascal a good lesson, but the more we continue such correspondence, we give unnecessarily some publicity to a rascal. Mukunda has already protested such rascal and we have to go on with our own work positively. Fault-finding men will always be there, that is the history of the world, but one has to execute his prescribed duties.

Regarding meeting Ravi Sankara or Mr. Harrison, Dayananda is trying his best to contact them, so also Nandarani is also trying, but so far there is no trace about them. I do not know how far this attempt will be successful.

So keep me informed about your activities weekly. You sent me one letter, a nice letter, from Laksmidasa, and I have replied him. Encourage him to cooperate with you. He appears to be a good boy. Keep contact with him.

Regarding giving protection to our students called by the draft board, I think the botheration may be stopped in future as there is a clause under form No. Cal-301 (REV.12 FEB 60L); Budget Bureau No. 33-R 140.3, the "Questionnaire for Registrants Claiming IV-D", which when filled up with my certificate of teaching, our men can be saved. As experiment I am giving certificate to Kartikeya who is already called, and let us see the result. I think it will be fruitful because another student, Dindayal das, he is also fighting on this point. I think Krishna will help us in this connection.

Hoping you are all well,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta
</card>