---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 28, 1968",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — November 28, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 28, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I have received your letter of Nov. 28, 1968, and I have noted the contents carefully. I thank you for your kind sentiments for me, it is very nice.

So far Janardana is concerned, I am anxiously awaiting to hear something from him. I consider him as one of the pillars of our society, so please request him to write to me and to inform me of the active interest he is taking in our society. He is very sincere thoughtful member and plus he is good speaker, so with these qualifications he can render most valuable service to Krishna Consciousness. So please ask him to be kind upon me and help in the venture of translating our various books and magazines. When Janardana goes to France, if he is willing to take charge of printing Back To Godhead French edition in France, rather then Canada, it will be very nice. Also in France he may open one center and many of my students may come to help him. In Europe I require 3 centers, one in London, one in Paris, and one in Hamburg.

In New York, Advaita and Uddhava are preparing to start press to print our books and magazines, so in this endeavor they will require more manpower. I think that Vaikunthanatha is suitable in this connection so he may make arrangements to come to New York to work in bookbindery establishment and also take classes in bookbinding to be paid for by Advaita and Uddhava. The money he earns for his labor shall be utilized for our new press program.

Regarding the "Inside Iskcon" journal, if it is not very troublesome the idea is all right. Since you describe a necessity for warmer shoes, leather may be utilized and their is no harm.

So far as it goes in Los Angeles, everything is going very nicely with the Sankirtana Party and soon we are expected to have a new temple location.

Hope that you are all well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
