---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Cidananda — December 24, 1968",
    "h1":"Cidananda — December 24, 1968",
    "title":"Letter to: Cidananda — December 24, 1968",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Cidananda ======

My dear Cidananda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Dec. 20, 1968, and with great pleasure I have noted the contents. Both you and Aniruddha are sincere devotees with good talents, so anything you do by combined consultation has my 100% approval. The idea of distribution of Prasadam is long standing, and I suggested this from the very beginning of my missionary activities, both in New York, and in San Francisco. But it has never come to any practical shape till now. Therefore, if you can actually start a Prasadam distribution program, it will be very very nice. But to start a separate restaurant for this purpose does not appeal to me. If we have Prasadam distribution program it is to be done in the temple premises, not separately. Separate attempt will require separate energy diverted from the temple management. Therefore if you do at all start Prasadam distribution, try to do it in the temple itself. In the temple also if you keep some Indian goods for sale, that is also very nice. But don't attempt two at a time. First of all start the Prasadam distribution and make it successful, then try to do business in Indian goods.

Regarding chanting in the street chased by the police is not good at all. The best thing is to invite people in our temple, and chant peacefully. If a person can sell from 7 to 12 magazines individually there is no need of making a procession of chanters and thereby disturbing the police equilibrium. If you can sell Back To Godhead individually as proposed by you, and some copies of our books, like Bhagavad-gita As It Is, that will be a great success. And there is no need of leading a procession of chanters for this purpose. The idea submitted by you is very nice, and I have given my 100% approval and I have given my opinion as above mentioned. Now you can do with intelligence depending on the supreme will of Krishna. I hope this will meet you in good health, and offer my blessings to all the devotees there.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
