---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kanupriya — January 15, 1969",
    "h1":"Kanupriya — January 15, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Kanupriya — January 15, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Kanupriya ======

My dear Kanupriya das Brahmacari,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of January 9, 1969, and I am pleased to send herewith your beads duly chanted upon by me. Your spiritual name is Kanupriya das Brahmacari. Kanu means Krishna, and priya means dear, so Kanupriya means one who is very dear to Krishna.

I am so pleased to learn that you have been already receiving some training up from Rupanuga and you are assisting the temple activities along with the others. It is very gratifying to know this, and please continue in this way. Also, you must be certain to chant 16 rounds per day upon your beads.

Regarding other yoga exercises, if you take Krishna prasadam you shall keep your body automatically fit for working, so there is no need of extra exercises which are required by persons who may eat more than what is required. So for prosecuting Krishna Consciousness one should not eat more than what is needed. One should not endeavor beyond his capacity. One should not talk unnecessarily. One should not stick with some extra regulative principles, nor should one associate with persons who are not in Krishna Consciousness. One should not be too much greedy. What one should do is chant the Holy Name of the Lord with faith, enthusiasm, and firm conviction on the statement of Lord Caitanya that simply by chanting the Maha Mantra one can be gradually elevated to the highest platform of spiritual perfection. Also what is important is to follow the four regulative principles of avoiding all illicit sexual connections, meat-eating, intoxication and gambling. I am sure that Rupanuga will ably guide you in these matters.

Try to help in our Krishna Consciousness activities, and whenever you feel the necessity of my help you are welcome to address me in letter. Read __Bhagavad-gita As It Is__ very carefully, and we are going to hold an examination next year in January upon this book. I hope that you will be enough expert in this Krishna Consciousness science to pass the examination and be awarded with the title of "Bhakti-sastri", one who knows the principles of devotional service. So think over these matters discussed herein very carefully, and Krishna will help you in all respects. I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
