---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nara-narayana — February 1, 1969",
    "h1":"Nara-narayana — February 1, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Nara-narayana — February 1, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Nara-narayana ======

My dear Nara Narayana,

Please accept my blessings. I am very much encouraged by your proposal as stated in your letter of January 25, 1969 of constructing housing in New Vrindaban for an estimate of about $1,000. This money will be secured somehow or other and invested in New Vrindaban for constructing the proposed cottages. These cottages needn't be very high class finished. We simply want protection; that's all. They may be very roughly finished. Please send me your plans which you have mentioned, and we shall begin this housing scheme in April. We agree to invest the money in this project, and the persons you wanted will join you when you actually begin the work.

In the meantime, if you think brass deities can be done in New York, please let me know what will be the cost per pair. If not 24" high, they should be of the same size we have got in New York. When you were here you told me the cost will be about $40. If you can manufacture for even $50 per pair, you should manufacture immediately five or six pairs, and I will provide you with the money. But first be sure what will be the actual price and whether you will be able to do it. After finishing with this murti business, you can immediately begin the construction work in New Vrindaban.

So far as kirtana party is concerned, you have well suggested to conduct the party under the good guidance of Rsi Kumar. He is a very expert devotee, and the kirtana party can be well managed under his guidance, and under the cooperation of Brahmananda.

You should always read also, besides attending class, whenever you have time, the Bhagavad-gita As It Is. Then I can surely recommend to the draft board that you are a very serious student of Bhagavad-gita under my supervision.

I hope this will meet you in good spirits and good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
