---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — February 5, 1969",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — February 5, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — February 5, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gurudasa ======

<card class="letter">
London

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of January 29, 1969, and I am so glad to learn that you have permission to have kirtana all the time on the streets and parks. You have written that you are missing me, and similarly, I am sitting here anxious to meet you as soon as possible. In previous letters of Syamasundara it was understood that the Beatles were going to help us positively, but the delay method appears to be diplomatic to avoid the pledge. I do not know what is the position, but I think that without depending on anyone, we may take the risk of renting a nice house for our temple immediately. If you think that my presence will accelerate matters, I am prepared to go immediately. In Yamuna's letter I understood that many people are interested in our temple work, and they are prepared to contribute items such as deities. All such things being favorable, why you are not taking a temple at your own risk? Besides that, you wrote to say that I will not go there for one year, but I have no such idea. I do not know who has spread such rumor. I have already postponed my journey to Hawaii in the month of April. In April I will go to Columbus, Ohio, so these two months of February and March I am completely free. If you so desire, I can start immediately and see the situation which is preventing the renting of a nice house. You write to say also that everyone is awaiting my arrival, and they ask "When is Swamiji coming?" So far as I am concerned, I can go immediately because I have no serious engagements here now.

I thank you very much for your assurance that I will find London a most flourishing center for our world Sankirtana movement. That is my ideal of life, to form a nice group of devotees to perform Sankirtana and to distribute our books in wider circles. Here, Tamala Krishna's group has proved a very nice Sankirtana Party, and we can combine with your group which is also a very nice Sankirtana Party. Then we could immediately take the responsibility of a round the world trip, and I am sure it will be successful. You can let me know by return mail if my services in London are immediately required. I am prepared to go.

The picture of Kartamasi which you have sent is very nice. Kartamasi is becoming very popular in every center. That is a good sign. Thanking you once more for your letter, and I am awaiting your early reply.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>