---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hayagriva — February 20, 1969",
    "h1":"Hayagriva — February 20, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Hayagriva — February 20, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hayagriva ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Hayagriva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated February 16th 1969. And I've also received the letter from Uddhava. I heard about the house indicated by you from Kirtanananda Maharaja, so if it is approved by you all as a suitable place then purchase.

In answer to your questions concerning sex life: sex life restriction does not mean that husband and wife live separately. The idea of marriage is to increase spiritual consciousness as far as possible. And by advancement of Krishna Consciousness that restriction becomes automatically practical. Sex life for begetting Krishna Conscious children is as good as Krishna Consciousness. This is confirmed in Bhagavad-gita so one has to use his own discretion in this matter and Krishna will help such discriminatory method. It is not that in every state you have to concern me but you have to concern Krishna Who is situated within. On the whole, sex life, like that of ordinary materialistic men, is not recommended for a Krishna Conscious person. My Guru Maharaja although he was Brahmacari, sometimes he used to say that if I could beget Krishna Conscious children I am prepared to indulge in sex life a hundred times. The summary is sex life should be utilized only for begetting Krishna Conscious children---that's all.

Regarding your new engagement in Wheeling, it is a very nice offer and you must accept it. The yoga center class may be conducted by Pradyumna and assisted by someone else. What is the position of the Yoga society class now? Are the students purchasing our Back to Godhead magazines and the Bhagavad-gita?

Another problem is that Rayarama has become sick so will it be possible for you to take care of Back to Godhead as one of the editors? As joint editor as you were formerly.

I hope this will meet you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami,

P.S. Regarding B.T.G. you will have each about 32 pages every month.

P.S. I have also received your letter of Feb. 18. I think I shall not now go to New Vrindaban. Anyway if I decide, I shall let you know timely.  ACB
</card>