---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — February 20, 1969",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — February 20, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — February 20, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter---undated---I'm very glad to learn about the installation ceremony. I'm also glad to learn that Boston center is improving and people are taking interest more and more. More important feature is that by Krishna's grace you are given the facility of lecturing in various Universities.

Next Spring by the first week for certain I shall be in New York and from New York I shall be glad to visit Boston, say for 15 days and you can give me a tentative program of lecturing in different Universities at that time. It is very engladdening to hear that you have now secured an eight week seminar in Yoga at Emerson College. I'm also glad to learn about Jadurani's health and by Krishna's grace she's improving. I do not give my permission just immediately for regular work but she can come to the temple in the morning and chant her beads silently. So far envy is concerned it can be used only upon the non-devotees. In the transcendental world a devotee is never envious of another devotee on account of his excellence but on the contrary if a devotee finds some excellence in other devotees he eulogizes the devotee admitting his own subordinate position. Although in the spiritual world there is no such concept of subordination still devotees on account of being very humble and meek think that way.

In the material world the same thing is expressed in a perverted form. But in the Spiritual world to accept one's inferior position does not mean envious mentality upon the other. Unhappiness experienced by devotee on account of feeling himself inferior is not unusual rather such mentality is impetuous to further development of devotional service.

I'm in due receipt also of the Krishna manuscript for the tape no. 3 & 4 and I've also received back the tapes concerned.

You can keep the curtains of the deity room open during Kirtana.

Lord Caitanya's advent day is on the 4th of March 1969. On that day you should keep fasting up to the moonrise in the evening, and the whole day may be utilized in performances in kirtana and reading of Lord Caitanya's teachings. In the evening after ceremony of kirtana is observed, light refreshments like fruit and milk, boiled potatoes may be taken and the next day general feasting and distribution of Prasadam to public may be observed.

I hope this will meet you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
