---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rayarama — March 20, 1969",
    "h1":"Rayarama — March 20, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Rayarama — March 20, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rayarama ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Rayarama,

Please accept my blessings. Your letter dated March 11, 1969 is in hand, and I have noted the contents. regarding Hawaii: Certainly it is very nice place, the climate is milder and there is much fresh air from the ocean and sunshine, and the sceneric position is also beautiful. I would have immediately developed a colony for press operation, but unfortunately there is no facility for conducting a press here at present. But so far I can think, your editorial staff must be situated where we have got our own press. I do not know whether it is Krishna's desire that we should start our press immediately---but the circumstances give me to understand that we must start our press immediately. Because the negotiations with Dai Nippon are very much prolonging. I am thinking very seriously if we can print the 20,000 or more copies of BTG in our own press, as well as at least 4 books (the size of my Srimad-Bhagavatam) in a year. That should be our future program, backed by our Sankirtana parties moving all over the world. So for this proposal we have got our land already in New Vrindaban; so I do not know whether it is feasible but I wish to concentrate there in New Vrindaban the major portion of our activities. These Hawaiian islands are very beautiful but at present there is no facilities for working out our scheme---whereas we have land in New Vrindaban. I am encouraging Gaurasundara and Govinda dasi to try to develop in this side another place, as New Navadvipa. So just immediately there is no possibility of operating our press in the islands, but in future we shall see. But if there is too much difficulty to work out the Navadvipa plan then I may call back Gaurasundara and Govinda dasi to New Vrindaban, for working as part of the BTG staff. In California there is also good place for working for operating press, but we have not got our own place there either. I have heard it from Dindayal that it may be possible to get a house in San Francisco Bay Area, expected to be donated by a devotee lady. So I am going there and see how that is possible. So far your staff arrangement is concerned I think you have got nice staff to assist you, and Hayagriva has also written you to consult how you can work jointly. I think for Krishna's sake we shall try to work together even at the risk of little personal inconvenience. Our foremost concern is Krishna. If Krishna's service is well done, then we should try to forget our personal inconveniences. I know you are already advanced in this type of Krishna Consciousness, and Krishna will give you intelligence more and more, but you stick to this principle as you have taken your life's vow to improve BTG. That is my request. That will make you victorious in achieving Krishna's blessings. So I am coming very soon to New York by the end of the first week of April, and we shall chalk out our program. In the meantime try to recoup your health, depending on Krishna, because after all, He is the ultimate Master of all situations. It is not the doctor, or the medicine, or the place, but it is ultimately Krishna Who is the Master to do every thing. With this viewpoint we shall go forward. It will also be better if Gaurasundara and Govinda dasi are within the staff of BTG activities, but to adjust these things, we require Krishna's help.

Your index idea for Bhagavad-gita is very nice. If we continue to get our printed matters from Dai Nippon then certainly it will be very much convenient if the whole staff comes here to Hawaii, as it is nearer, but if we have to change the printing work to our own press, then we have to reconsider the whole idea. So let us depend on Krishna and hope for the best arrangement by Him.

I hope this meets you in better health, and please convey my blessings to all the boys and girls there in N.Y.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Enlist the following name in the list of complimentary BTG in India

Tridandi Swami B.R. Padmanabha Maharaja

P.O. Bouria DR: Howrah. West Bengal, India.

Also jointly carry on the Sankirtana Party and forget all other part spirit.

On the other side you will find a poetry composed by me in 1935 on the occasion of my Spiritual Masters birthday. This poetry was found in the India House Library at London by Gurudasa. I was searching after it and my master has rewarded me of this after so long a time (34 years). Please publish it in BTG.

ACBS
</card>