---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 24, 1969",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — March 24, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — March 24, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I have already written to Purusottama about TLC consignment and probably you might have received letter from him by now. Regarding Dai Nippon negotiation, I never told you to stop such negotiation and I do not know why you should be disturbed by seeing my letter to Advaita. If Dai Nippon negotiation is successful you can make contract as you think best. My suggestion to Advaita was that in case of Dai Nippon negotiation not being successful, then we shall give attention for starting our own press. On the whole, if Dai Nippon agrees to our printing work, I have already written to you that is very nice, but in case they do not agree then we must consider our own press, as that is the only alternative.

Regarding TLC consignment: It is understood that the stock sent to L.A. is a portion of your N.Y. stock---suppose the stock is all with you---simply forget that the stock has traveled to L.A.---now how would you want to handle it and distribute it? So think in this way. However you would handle it in N.Y., just simply do it in the same way---only for convenience sake, the stock is lying in L.A. You simply instruct L.A. how to handle and distribute it, and they will do. Have them take the books to a customer, and send you the bill, and the customer will pay you directly in N.Y. So you arrange the charges, and keep the accounts with you. So far the responsibility of the shipment is concerned, Jayananda and Tamala Krishna will take full responsibility jointly. I shall write to them in this connection, or send them a copy of this letter.

I hope you are well; I am receiving many letters daily, therefore there was some delay in your letter reply last week. I shall meet with you on the 7th* of next month and we shall be able to discuss things at length, so do not be disturbed in the meantime. I hope all is going nicely there, and convey my blessings to all your God-brothers and God-sisters.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*Please consult with Dindayal and fix my program by mutual agreement.
