---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — March 11, 1969",
    "h1":"Upendra — March 11, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — March 11, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Upendra ======

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter of March 5, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. Yes, a new man may commit blunders in the beginning, but that does not mean we may be too impatient with him. After all, training means the man does not know, so you should train him nicely. A Vaisnava is expected to be humbler than the blade of grass, so when you train some new man you should not get agitated with him. After all, we are preachers, and we do not expect our audience or candidates completely respondent to our call. If everyone is trained then what is the use of our preaching. I receive daily so many odd letters, still we have to reply them properly. So you are in charge of the Seattle branch. You should try to develop and manage this temple as your life interest. Don't be flickering, thinking of going here and there. Whatever charge given from Krishna through the medium of Spiritual Master you should be carrying out very faithfully. I have come to your country in this old age with this interest. We should not mind where we are kept or where we have to discharge our duties. But we should accept and do them nicely.

I wish that the Seattle temple be maintained as the most important thing, and there is no second man besides you to take charge of it. Actually the center was opened by you and Gargamuni. Gargamuni is now engaged in different work, so you do not divert your attention. Please try to occupy the church contemplated and try to improve it like L.A. temple. If you try your best Krishna will give you all facilities.

I am glad to hear you are going to teach the university course. This is very good, do not worry about the watchdog Mr. Miller, this trouble will continue always but still we have to do our duties. One thing, Mr. Miller takes objection to Hinduism. He is Christian and he thinks that we are preaching Hinduism. You should clear up this thing that we do not preach any particular "ism." We are simply teaching how to develop our dormant love of Godhead. So what religion is there that does not approve love of Godhead? One may say that all improve our love of Godhead according to our own way, but from practical point of view, in no religious principle the love of Godhead is seen to be enhanced. They make God as order-supplier for their material needs. Or some of them are taught to love God because He is considered to be order-supplier. But our principle is not to make God our order-supplier---we want to execute the order of God.

These things are explained in the Bhagavad Gita and other literatures. You try to convince people that this simple method of chanting Hare Krishna and following the easy process; actually one enhances love of Godhead without fail. So why one should be against this principle? In this way, we have to preach, depending on Krishna and showing good examples of ourselves.

Instead of join Samkirtan, you just develop a Samkirtan party there, I expect that each center must have a nice Samkirtan party. If you join Samkirtan party, who will maintain and manage the center? You should manage the Seattle temple; that is your principle duty. They also developed the Samkirtan party in L.A. very gradually, not in one day. So you work in this way.

Please convey my blessings to all there, and I hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

