---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 26, 1969",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — April 26, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 26, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Tamala Krsna ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated April 19, 1969, along with a pamphlet regarding your UCLA meeting. The pamphlet is very nicely done, and you have diagnosed the disease very well, increasing the material temperature to 107 degrees and calling death immediately. I think by the Grace of Krishna you are getting good inspiration from within as Krishna is giving you good wisdom. Your explanation for getting a new place bigger than the present one is approved by me in all respects. I think Krishna's plan is working and as you have already informed Mr. Leo Brown to find out a big place for us, Krishna will help us very soon. The Los Angeles plan as described by you is so nice. The climate of Los Angeles is very much suitable for me, and if by Krishna's Grace we can have a nice headquarters for the Western side as planned by you, I shall be glad to place myself at your disposal. I am now seeking to sit down simply for training preachers and diverting my attention for completing the translation work of __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ but I do not know where Krishna will like me to do this work. But your nice plan makes me hopeful that Los Angeles may be the suitable place. We have certainly to develop the New Vrindaban plan, but side by side the Los Angeles plan should also be executed. I do not know how Krishna will help us, but your idea is very excellent.

From yesterday, since I have come to Boston, I am feeling little backache. There is no unbearable pain, but when I stand up or walk, it is a little difficult. I think it will be cured within two or three days. So without investing further money in our present temple, because it has now become uncertain, we shall carefully save some money for investing in some new place. As our devotees are now coming by cars, we can go to a distant place undoubtedly. I have seen that there is one church just near the Bank of America on La Cienega Boulevard. I do not know to which sect this church belongs, but that church is very suitable for your described purpose. There are many churches everywhere like that, and if some of the proprietors are convinced, we can utilize such churches for this Krishna Consciousness movement for the general welfare of the mass of people. Why not approach the proprietors of such churches? I know it is very difficult, but there is no harm if we approach. Certainly when we have our new place, we must elaborately arrange for the artist department in charge of Srimati Devahuti, the mother of Indumati. She is a very nice lady, and please offer her my thanks for joining this movement. I hope she will take care of the boys and girls as their mother. So all of our ideas can be fulfilled very nicely if we actually get a nice place. Search it out and surely Krishna will help you.

I hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. The draft board letter must be replied now. It cannot be delayed anymore. ACB
</card>