---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — May 22, 1969",
    "h1":"Jayagovinda — May 22, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — May 22, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayagovinda ======

My dear Jaya Govinda,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 14 May, 1969 and I am very much pleased to note the contents. You are a sincere soul, and that is the only means to get out of our ignorance and poor planning. If we simply become sincere to our Spiritual Master and Krishna, then everything will automatically come to help us to proceed further and further in our Krishna Consciousness. I think that when Mandali Bhadra comes there, there will be no more difficulty in the translation work. As far as possible though, you all should try to learn a little German. One should learn the local native language if one desires to live there. For the present, even though some people may think that our translation work is terrible, there is nothing to lament. After all, German language is a foreign language for us, and our main business is to present our thoughts to the German people. If in a foreign country a man is met with some catastrophe such as fire, he has to take help from the neighbors even though he has no language to express himself. Some way or other he has to inform his neighbors there is a fire in his house so that they can help him. So if the foreigner cannot express himself in very good language, he is not at fault. So there is a blazing fire of maya, and we have to inform the people, even if we must use broken language. That is no fault. But by Krishna's Grace this problem will soon be solved. Don't worry.

Regarding my diary, you are right when you say that you would not see my personal belongings, that is a nice attitude, but still I have nothing to close from the eyes of my disciples. I think that my diary is now lying somewhere in New York, but that is not a very important thing. Regarding Acyutananda, he is now in Navadvipa in care of Sridhara Maharaja. I have written one letter to him, requesting him to supply at least ten first class mrdangas purchased from Navadvipa and sent to our different centers. I am seeing our Sankirtana is being accepted more and more in the Western World, and there is very good future for its spreading by the help of my very sincere disciples. So we shall require a large number of mrdangas and karatalas primarily. Please ask Acyutananda to serve our society at least in this capacity because he is in India. Regarding United Shipping Corporation, I understand that there was some death of a senior partner, so they were busy in ceremonies, but apparently they are also not very prompt. If Acyutananda is serious about purchasing goods and dispatching from Calcutta or Bombay, he may also find out some good shipping agents in these places. If he would do some work for our society, surely he would be happy. Regarding the electric typewriter, if you are going to purchase, you should purchase an IBM Composer. That would be very nice for us, without paying it all at once. So you may look into this. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
