---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — May 6, 1969",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — May 6, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — May 6, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Tamala Krsna ======

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your very nice letter dated May 2, 1969, and the attitude which you are now maintaining for rendering service to Krishna will certainly induce Him to bestow you with all His blessings more and more. I am sending herewith one program for the 18th of May which may be called Noukabihar. The song in this connection is also given and you may properly utilize it along with the translation. The next program on the 25th I shall send you in my next letter, and that is known as Rairaya. I understand you want every Sunday some program, and I shall try to help you as far as possible. Your statement that the program there could be to establish a large center for training preachers is very, very encouraging. I want my disciples to preach now. Here in Boston, sometimes I allow the students to speak, and it appears very hopeful.

As you are increasing your Sankirtana Movement to cover a great distance of 150 mile-radius it is still more encouraging. I am sure that because you are in serious and sincere attitude of service to Krishna, He is giving you all good counsel to propagate these transcendental activities. I am also so glad to know that the recent plan of observing various kinds of festivals is drawing wonderful results. I wish I would have been present there to see things so nicely going on. Your idea that when I am in Los Angeles I shall simply lecture on Sundays, and on the weekdays the boys will lecture so I shall be free to go on with my translating work is very stimulating. I am also glad to learn that you are going to San Francisco to adjust things there. By the 12th instant, when you are there you should help arrange for the Rathayatra Festival. This is to take place some time after the 15th of July, and you can fix up the days from the 20th of July to the 27th of July.

There is every possibility of me observing the Rathayatra Festival in London, because I received one letter from Syamasundara, and they are seriously attempting for this occasion, and they are thinking of inviting me during that period. Syamasundara wants to give me a grand reception, and he is trying his best for this level. But if I am not invited there, then surely I shall return to Los Angeles by the middle of June or earlier. The college courses and university courses should be very carefully taken because there is very, very great hope from those quarters. In Buffalo I have seen Rupanuga has done wonderfully, and some of the sudents are already attracted to this Krishna Consciousness Movement. Similarly, Pradyumna is also doing in Columbus, and I shall see personally when I go there on the 9th of May.

So we have to train preachers, and they will go to the students in public institutions to educate them in Krishna Consciousness. So if our men simply study our books and magazines, and assimilate them nicely and clarify as soon as there is some doubt, then surely we shall drive out all these so-called yogis and propagandists who are simply cheating the innocent people to solve their pecuniary problems. Regarding the Radha-Krishna Murtis, they may be kept for the time being, and when I go there I shall take care of them. Regarding my backache, the 10% balance appears to be out of my body, but after all, the material body can be infected at any time, so we should not bother very much about it. We must simply go on with our activities in Krishna Consciousness.

Please convey my blessings to the others there with you. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

NB: When you go to San Francisco on the 12th you may bring the 10" Deities with you. When Jivananda goes to Hawaii he should bring these 10" Deities with him. The 12" Deities will be for Los Angeles.\\
NB: I have just received one letter from Upendra, and he is thinking of obtaining a nice church in Seattle. As he may be needing $500 very soon for down payment, your Los Angeles temple may help by loan of whatever money he will require in this connection. ACB\\
P.S. The new big place which you are searching may be sufficiently big so that we can start our Press also. ACB
