---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nandarani — May 23, 1969",
    "h1":"Nandarani — May 23, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Nandarani — May 23, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Nandarani ======

My dear Nandarani,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated May 8, 1969, and I have noted the contents. When I receive a letter either from you or from your husband, I become so much encouraged. The most important point in your letter is the activities of your nice daughter. I hope all the small babies who are now being raised by our married couples will one day do tremendously in the matter of Krishna Consciousness. In the __Srimad-Bhagavatam__ it is advised that nobody should become a father or mother if he or she is not capable to raise children to the perfectional stage of stopping repeated births and death. This process of birth and death can only be stopped by awakening Krishna Consciousness. As you have read in the __Bhagavad-gita,__ simply by understanding how Krishna appears and performs His transcendental activities, one can immediately become eligible to enter into Krishna's Abode. And one who enters this Abode of Krishna never comes back again to suffer all sorts of material miseries. That is the sanguine process to stop repeated birth and death of the living entity. Simply by awakening the dormant love for Krishna, Who is known as Vasudeva, one can stop the material contamination of accepting a material body.

New Vrindaban is a very nice spot. We have to develop it in so many ways, and it will take time. For the time being there is no regular school because there is no sufficient accommodations for living, but soon it will be done when our children can be taken care of properly. I hope that by the time your Candramukhi grows such arrangements will be completed. Regarding my residence, I have already decided that Los Angeles will be suitable, at least for eight months of the year, I do not know how the heat is during June and July though. I have inquired about this from Dayananda also. Regarding my health, I am keeping well, but after all, this body is old enough, although personally I do not feel old. I feel exactly like your little child, and I am taken care of by my so many fathers and mothers like you. So I have no anxiety. Somebody asked me whether I am happy, so I replied that I left my home consisting of five children, where I felt not very much comfortable, but Krishna has given me many obedient and loving children, even though I am in a foreign country. That is my happiness. Actually, real love can be perceived only on the platform of Krishna Consciousness where there is no possibility of thinking oneself in the bodily concept of life. So let us try to introduce this nice consciousness in the human society.
