---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ishan — June 8, 1969",
    "h1":"Ishan — June 8, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Ishan — June 8, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Ishan ======

CENTER NEW VRINDABAN \\
RD 3, Moundsville, West Virginia

My Dear Ishandas, 

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 28, 1969, and I have noted the contents. I am pleased to note that you are working very enthusiastically in Krishna Consciousness. Your idea of a small handbook for new devotees is nice, and you may do it conveniently. Be sure to include such important items as the ten offenses to avoid in chanting and the qualifications of a devotee. When this book is completed I shall inspect it and return it to you for printing and add any suggestions I may have. I am also pleased to learn that you are taking charge of overhauling the physical set-up of the Montreal temple. Our first business however is always Sankirtan, and as Hansadutta has informed me that you were having some troubles with the police because they were not allowing collecting, I have given a suggestion of how to overcome this difficulty. So you may consult with him on this point and do the needful. I have not yet received the constitution notes back from Janardan so if you see him please remind him to send them as soon as possible. It is very encouraging to note that there are four new-comers living in the temple, and this is a proof that you are doing nicely there. Actually if we simply keep ourselves Krishna Conscious, chanting our prescribed rounds and following the regulative principles, then automatically the sincere souls who we come in contact with will automatically be attracted. This is because we are not bluffing anyone, and if some one is seriously after perfecting himself in spiritual life, then surely he will agree with all of our principles and he will wish to join us. Other so-called yoga societies in this country are actually offering only nonsense or forms of sense gratification, but such material activities will not sufficiently attract one who is serious about real spiritual life. Real spiritual life means acting in our constitutional position of the eternal servants of the Lord, so we must offer this sublime science of Bhagavad Gita to the population at large, and those who are actually serious will take advantage. Try to reach as many of such sincere souls as possible through your Sankirtan Party. This will be the greatest service you can render to Krishna and to your fellow men. Krishna has given you good ability and intelligence, so now you must continue to utilize them fully in Krishna's service.

Please convey my blessings to your good wife, Bibhavati. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
