---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — June 21, 1969",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — June 21, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — June 21, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

My dear Krishna Das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated June 18, 1969, and I am very glad to understand that things are being arranged in Hamburg so nicely. Your attitude for Krishna's service is very much laudable, and I am very much proud of having a disciple like you. May Krishna bless you more and more in the advancement of Krishna Consciousness. If you want me to go to Hamburg, then you can arrange for it after the second week of July, because I am going to Los Angeles on the 23rd of June. Tamala Krishna wants me there immediately because some of the devotees are very much eager for my presence there, and probably I will also frame our future program for opening sub-branches in the Los Angeles area. In neighboring places, such as Laguna Beach, there is good prospects for a center. I understand that you are in correspondence with London for some financial arrangement, but recently, just the day before yesterday, I received one cable from Mukunda asking me to give them a loan for $1,025.00, so I have asked Gargamuni to send them this money. Under the circumstances, I do not think they will be able to arrange financially to receive me there immediately. But there is no need of hurrying the matter. You can arrange for my reception conveniently, although I am always ready to go to Europe at any moment. I think that when London will be ready to receive me, at that time my going to Germany will be the most profitable. But if you think that you can manage to receive me directly in Hamburg, I have no objection. But anything you arrange must be after the second week in July, in which time London may also expect to receive me. In their last letter I was informed that I shall not be required there before the 20th of July. So on the whole, there is no question of hurrying. Do everything carefully and by mutual consent.

You will be glad to know that Janardana is going to Paris at almost the same time, and Sivananda is also eager to open a branch in Paris. I understand from Janardana's letter that there is very good possibilities of spreading our Krishna Consciousness Movement there. So if Krishna desires, it will be possible to have three important centers in Europe very soon. I have been informed from a London letter that they have secured a very nice house, and the money for the deposit is already sent, so there will be no difficulty in establishing our London center immediately.

I am enclosing a list of the fasting days and festival days which you may follow. Please keep it carefully. Kindly convey my blessings to the other devotees there. I hope this will meet all of you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
