---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — June 7, 1969",
    "h1":"Jayagovinda — June 7, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayagovinda — June 7, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayagovinda ======

My dear Jaya Govinda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated May 27, 1969 and your letter dated May 20, 1969. I have immediately sent to Acyutananda a copy of the goods delivered to United Shipping Corporation. It appears that this company is very slow and not businesslike. So probably I will have to change to some other shipping agents, and I have already advised Acyutananda to do the needful. The second batch of Deities which you sent to Los Angeles has been received by them. I am very glad to learn that you are feeling enthusiastically in the German center, and it is clear that Krishna wanted you there. Please work there with your full energy in cooperation with your other godbrothers. Krishna Das, yourself, Sivananda and Uttama Sloka all are good souls and sincere devotees of Lord Krishna. So as you faithfully continue to work under my direction, your further advancement is sure. I have received a letter from Mandali Bhadra that they are reaching there on the 27th June, and when they arrive, do everything very nicely in a cooperative spirit.

I hope that by this time you have secured the typewriter and things are going on with the German translations. You have inquired if you should learn the German language, and my answer is yes, you should learn it by all means. Here in New Vrindaban the atmosphere is exactly like Vrindaban. They are performing the routine activities from 4 am. in the morning till 10 pm. at night. The aratriks are going on several times daily as you have seen in Vrindaban. The pictures which you have taken of Vrindaban have been published in __BTG,__ and I have seen a special advance copy sent from Japan. It is very nice article, and you have done nicely.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

The reproduction of the newspaper cuttings which you have printed was done very well, and I would like about ten more copies of this page to show to other centers.
