---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gaurasundara — June 17, 1969",
    "h1":"Gaurasundara — June 17, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Gaurasundara — June 17, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gaurasundara ======

My dear Gaurasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated June 13, 1969, and I have carefully noted the contents. I am very glad to hear about your recent Sankirtana success, and as long as this is going on, everything will come out nicely. I can understand that you are now forced to reduce your number living at the house, so for the time being you keep five or six men there. This landlady is increasing rent simply to take advantage, but as you have no other place to live you have to make some compromise. Jadurani may immediately return to Boston, and Sudama may immediately go to London. Sudama is much required in London, but because I thought he was needed in your center I did not ask him to go before. Under the circumstances, I think he may go to London immediately. In this way adjust things. Be confident that Krishna will save you from the present inconvenience, and take these steps immediately. You have spoken about Govinda Dasi's expertness on Sankirtana, and I know very well about her qualifications. I am 100% confident about her competence, and she can be very useful to your activities there. Unfortunately she becomes sickly, so as husband, you must see that she is taken proper care of. She is a good asset for you as your wife, and I want that you two work combinedly. That is my desire. You have such nice opportunity for doing very nice service to Lord Krishna in Hawaii, and I want that you two, husband and wife, work together. I have confidence in you, and I have got all blessings for you both that in the future you will be nice preachers. What you have done so far is very nice, and I am praying to Krishna for your success there.

Please send all nice pictures of your activities to Hayagriva for publication in __BTG.__ We have decided to give many pictures of our Sankirtana activities along with short descriptions. Hayagriva is now renovated to be the senior editor. You also should write articles as you have done before. Your articles are very much appreciated by me, so you write them, not only about Sankirtana, but also on our philosophy. But send immediately pictures to Hayagriva of your Sankirtana activities. Thanking you again for your letter. Hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
