---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Laksmimoni — July 10, 1969",
    "h1":"Laksmimoni — July 10, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Laksmimoni — July 10, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Laksmimoni ======

My dear Laksmimoni,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated July 5, 1969, sent along with your chanting beads and one letter from Sriman Jagadisa das Brahmacari. I have duly chanted upon your beads, and your initiated name is Laksmimoni Dasi. Laksmimoni is the Goddess of Fortune, and she is always to be found serving at Krishna's Lotus Feet. Although the Goddess of Fortune is very restless and does not like to stay in one place for very long time, she is always finding new wonderful things in serving Krishna's Lotus Feet so that she never thinks of leaving Him. This is actually the position of Krishna Consciousness that when we get some taste of rendering sublime loving service to the Lord, no more do we have any taste for any other engagements. So as initiated student you should chant 16 rounds on your beads daily, avoiding the ten kinds of offenses which Rupanuga will explain to you. You must follow the four regulative principles; namely no illicit sex life, no intoxication, no meat-eating, and no gambling.

I am very pleased to note that you will be getting married to Jagadisa, and try to serve him by helping him develop in Krishna Consciousness throughout both of your lives. Married life in Krishna Consciousness is the perfection of married life because the basic principle is that the wife will help the husband so that he may pursue Krishna Consciousness, and similarly the husband will help the wife to advance in Krishna Consciousness. So in this way both husband and wife become happy and their lives are sublime. In Krishna Consciousness marriages there is no question of any separation or divorce. Any disagreement between husband and wife is not taken very seriously, as much as a disagreement between children is not taken very seriously. This is because the basic principle of married life in Krishna Consciousness is not whimsical lusts, but it is the eternal principle of rendering devotional service to Krishna. So I am enclosing* instructions for Rupanuga to perform this marriage ceremony, and both yourself and Jagadisa have my full blessings for long and happy life in Krishna Consciousness. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*sent soon by separate post
