---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sivananda — July 22, 1969",
    "h1":"Sivananda — July 22, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Sivananda — July 22, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sivananda ======

My dear Sivananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated July 17, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. The first thing I must mention is that I have still not received the ticket to Germany which Krishna das informed me in a previous letter was already sent to me. So I am anxious to know what is the position with this ticket. Also, I have written that I am prepared to go to Germany by the beginning of August if you will make arrangements in this way, but I have as yet to hear any further word on this matter. I would like to know what you and Krishna das are planning in this connection so I can make my schedule accordingly.

Jaya Govinda was correct in his observation that Radha-Krishna Pastimes should not be discussed at the present time. Unless one is highly elevated in spiritual understanding it is risky to discuss these Pastimes. Caitanya Mahaprabhu never discussed Radha-Krishna Lila with ordinary persons. We have so many other things to discuss; what is the soul, what is bhakti. To understand Radha and Krishna's Pastimes, that is our aim, but we should not indulge in this at present. Then there is sure to be misunderstanding.

Regarding Copenhagen, if there is possibility, we wish to open many such branches. But your main business at present is Sankirtana and selling literature, and this is similarly very important work. You write that you are interested in learning how to print, and if you have time for this, then Jaya Govinda can instruct you. I wish that all of our Krishna Consciousness literatures may be available to men of all languages throughout the world, so whatever assistance you can give in this connection is always appreciated. But your main business at the present moment is to propagate Sankirtana to all the people of Germany. This is also very great service.

So please inform Krishna das to tell me immediately what is the position of my going to Germany in the month of August. I hope this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
