---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: James Doody — July 10, 1969",
    "h1":"James Doody — July 10, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: James Doody — July 10, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: James Doody ======

Dear James Doody,

Please accept my greetings. I thank you very much for your letter dated June 23, 1969, and I am pleased to note that you are anxious to see me as soon as possible. So far as human frailties are concerned, they can all be adjusted by dovetailing everything in Krishna Consciousness. Our Krishna is a great family Personality. Krishna is never a mendicant, and our ambition is to enter into Krishna's family and to associate with Him personally. In spiritual life also there are men and women. They are very beautiful and attractive, but they are all so much absorbed in thought of Krishna that in the spiritual world there is no sex life. That means that Krishna Consciousness is so sublime and happy that it surpasses the pleasure of sex life. In the material world, because there is no information of Krishna Consciousness, sex life is taken as the highest pleasurable situation. Anyway, in our philosophy we prohibit illicit sex life and not sex life itself. In Krishna Consciousness there are many illustrious householders. So to marry and to become an exemplary householder is the ideal life of Krishna Consciousness. If the girl who is willing to marry you becomes Krishna Conscious, and as I think you are already Krishna Conscious, it will be a nice combination, provided you live under bona fide guidance. I am very much pleased that you wish to live under my guidance, and if you actually follow, then I can nicely direct you, even in your married life.

So far as my going to London is concerned, I can go immediately, provided I get my passage money. I have been invited to Germany also, and they are prepared to pay for this fare. I have postponed this journey till the end of the month. Most probably I shall be able to meet you in London some time in the month of August, and then you can decide whether to come here or not.

Regarding your job at Krishna Lights, if you are getting a good income from this business, why should you stop it? Our philosophy is that we should earn honestly as much as possible and spend it for Krishna. I understand from Syamasundara that you have agreed to help pay the rent on the newly occupied house there. So if you can actually do so, it will be a great service to the society and to Krishna. I therefore would advise you to continue with this business.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
