---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gajendra — July 20, 1969",
    "h1":"Gajendra — July 20, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Gajendra — July 20, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gajendra ======

My dear Gajendra,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter of July 17, 1969, and I have noted the contents carefully. The sentiments you have expressed are very nice, and they are just suiting for spiritual advancement. The actual Vaisnava always feels himself lowly and unqualified, but this submissiveness and humbleness is his actual qualification for becoming perfect in Krishna Consciousness. In material life everyone is thinking that I am so wonderful, I am so expert, but actually the living entity is an insignificant spark of the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Sri Krishna. So when we see we are becoming aware of our infinitesimal nature, then we begin to also understand something of how infinitely great Krishna is. One cannot be falsely puffed up and still expect to make progress in spiritual life. Rather one must learn to accept his constitutional position of Krishna's tiny servant. Then Krishna is pleased to reveal Himself to such devotee, and the devotee becomes more and more perfect in rendering transcendental service to the Lord.

Regarding your proposal for distributing __BTG__ through the agency you have contacted, I do not think this is very good idea at this time. Tamala Krishna has arranged so that there will be six devotees there in Seattle very soon, so there will be no need for such distribution arrangement. This agency is offering you only 25 cents per issue sold, and by Kirtana Party you will receive 50 cents per copy. Another thing is that we have found that our sales are much better through our personal endeavors on Kirtana Party, so this agency will simply be holding so many copies for one month, and what they do not sell will again be given back to you to sell on Sankirtana Party. They have asked you to advance $50 for their "Paperwork", but in Los Angeles there was one distributer who was taking 400 copies monthly and he did not request such fee. So as you will be having several new men there to help you after the Rathayatra Festival, Sankirtana Party will be the better way of distributing BTG. Regarding your question about offering camphor in aratrik, I do not know why you should be having trouble with smoke and soot by this offering. If you use smaller pieces of camphor this may alleviate the problem, or perhaps you are not using the right kind of camphor. Here we are using camphor for aratrik twice daily and there is no such problem. Of course, if it is too inconvenient, there does not have to be a camphor offering, but I do not know why this should be so. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
