---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — July 31, 1969",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — July 31, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — July 31, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Syamasundara ======

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your letter dated July 25, 1969 and noted the contents with great encouragement, but at the same time I received one letter from Gurudasa which was not very encouraging. He told me about the difficulty that was had in performing the Rathayatra Festival, and I am enclosing a copy of the letter to you which I replied to Gurudasa. The purport of my letter is that there is no cause for any disappointment, and you can perform this ceremony on Janmastami Day if you are able. From the description of your letter it appears that the structure of the Ratha was too heavy for the wheels to carry the load. From Gurudasa' letter it was not clear to me if you at all held a ceremony on a smaller scale. But in any event, I think we may take it as Krishna's Grace that the difficulty took place at the very beginning of the procession and not later on when the Ratha was in a more populated area. So do not feel discouraged at all. By Krishna's Plan everything will come out for the best. We have only to work very sincerely, depending fully on the Mercy of the Lord, and in this consciousness we can make very quick advancement in Krishna Consciousness. If you think you will be able to perform the ceremony on Janmastami Day, then I shall give you further instructions on how this is to be done.

I am very pleased to note that you have made such a nice recording of Hare Krishna, which may be released by the Beatle's Company. If you are able to send me a copy of this tape, that would be very nice. Also, it is very encouraging to learn that you think Mr. George Harrison will be happy to print our __Krishna__ book. This will be a very great service to the mankind at large, if he can be of assistance in this connection. We are giving a unique contribution with this book; a book which tells of the activities of God. There is no other book that has been authoritatively presented to the Western World up till this time which has given so high a contribution. If persons will simply read this book or even look at the many pictures within, then this alone will bring immense spiritual benefit to their lives.

I have written to Krishna das in Germany, and I am expecting their reply as to when they will be able to receive me there. So after I complete my business in Germany, surely I shall come to your temple in London, perhaps by Janmastami Day, and then it will be so nice to see all of you again. Please convey my blessings to your good wife, Malati, and your little daughter, Sarasvati. I hope this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
