---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Lilavati — July 31, 1969",
    "h1":"Lilavati — July 31, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Lilavati — July 31, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Lilavati ======

My dear Lilavati,

Please accept my blessings: I thank you very much for your letter dated July 23, 1969 and the photographs of your little daughter. These photographs were so nice, and I was very much engladdened to see how jolly Subhadra is. You write that she is already very enthusiastic about Sankirtana Party, so train her up very nicely. If such a pious child is trained properly as you and Murari are doing, then surely she will play a very worthy role in our society and in helping to improve the world condition by the propagation of Krishna Consciousness. It is not unusual that a little child is often very jolly, but in the material situation this jolliness passes very quickly. But in Krishna Consciousness, because the spirit soul is by nature very jolly and blissful, this jolliness only increases more and more as the bliss of serving Krishna increases more and more. So now your daughter has a very good opportunity to make final solution to her births in the material world, so keep her very nicely. Krishna will be kind upon you for this.

I can understand that you are feeling for a playmate for your child. In New Vrindaban we were thinking of having such place for many children, but at the present it appears to be difficult because there is no sufficient accommodations there. I did not exactly follow what you meant about inadequacies in the editing of __Bhagavad-gita As It Is.__ We are planning to print an enlarged edition of this book, with purports to each and every verse. The book was abridged due to the request of the MacMillan Company, but I am not satisfied with this, so we will print the complete work in an unabridged edition. I am pleased to note that you are thinking of opening new centers and you consider South Indiana to be a good place. For starting new centers and for suggestions in this connection you should write to Tamala Krishna because this department will be entrusted to him in the matter of supplying men, etc. I have also very much appreciated your poem at the end of your letter. It is very nice, and I will have it submitted to Hayagriva for consideration of publication in __BTG.__

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. The S.F. Rathayatra was a grand success & I am awaiting the report of Boston Rathayatra.
