---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — August 19, 1969",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — August 19, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — August 19, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated August 18th, 1969. I was very much anxious to receive your letter, but I did not know that you stopped writing me on account of the memo issued a few days ago. The memo was circulated just to minimize correspondence in minor affairs. I think in ordinary administration the presidents of different centers may consult amongst themselves and make certain general procedures by mutual agreement. But when there is some more important factor, that must be referred to me. I did not mean by the memo that you shall stop correspondence. If you understood like that, then I say that you can send me every day one letter, and it will be welcome. We are now growing in size, therefore, for general administration if you will act conjointly amongst the presidents, that will be a great relief for me. Besides that, you are doing editorial work of my books so you have to correspond directly with me. I never meant that about editorial work also being referred to Brahmananda. I understand that you had some meeting amongst the East Coast presidents of the centers, and I shall be glad to know how you decided to work. I have not heard anything about your joint decision.

Regarding the press, I wish this to be in Boston because you are now getting your own house there. In your last letter you also invited many householders to live there. Because all the press managers are householders, and you are also householder, so combinedly if you manage the printing and publication of our books, that will be a great success. If we have got our own press, we can earn some money by outside work when there is on pressure of our own work. So this is very important subject matter and keep me informed about the advancement of the idea.

Regarding my going to Boston, yes, I wanted to go there to see the press started before my going to Europe. We must have many books printed, either by ourselves, or through publishers or through any other means. This is more important than my touring in Europe. Regarding __Krishna,__ formerly you were sending me the transcribed copies as early as possible, and if you continue the same process, then I shall also send you the tapes consecutively. I think this book with pictures by Jadurani will come out a unique publication. I shall be glad to know if the pictures can also be printed in our own press. That is also a very important thing. I am very glad to learn that Brahmananda, Advaita and others have gone there and you are doing the needful. If you think my presence will further help in this connection, on hearing from you I shall immediately go.

Since Jadurani has resumed her painting work, I think Jahnava may be engaged in joining the Sankirtana Party, because she is a good salesgirl of __BTG.__ Anyway, do things in good sense, without any disturbance. We have to make progress very soberly, and I am always at your service whenever required. I have not heard also what further arrangement is done regarding the house. Has everything been settled up nicely regarding the documents, etc.? You have mentioned nothing of these things in your letter under reply. Also, your telephone has been out of order for at least the past week, and I do not know why this is so.

Please offer my blessings to your good wife, Jadurani, and to all of the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Tell Brahmananda that press %%__%% at New Vrindaban is most impractical at the present moment, because there is transport difficulty. For the time being first of all organize the Boston center very nicely & then we shall divert our attention elsewhere. We cannot diffuse our attention in many things all at a time.
