---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dr. Nagendra Babu — August 28, 1969",
    "h1":"Dr. Nagendra Babu — August 28, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Dr. Nagendra Babu — August 28, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dr. Nagendra Babu ======

Dear Dr. Nagendra Babu,

Please accept my humble obeisances. I understand from your daughter that you instructed her to see me in New York as she is there with her husband. She attempted to see me several times in our New York temple, but she was unable to see me on account of my constant touring in different centers. We have got now about two dozen centers in the USA, two in Canada and two in Europe. On Sunday last I was in New York while coming to Germany, and I have reached our German center on Monday morning. The address is above.

I saw your daughter, Bhakti Devi, very much devoted to Krishna Consciousness, just befitting the position of a Vaisnava's daughter. She offered me respects with some money also (two dollars), and I was very much pleased with her behavior. I asked about you and her mother from her, and I am so pleased to learn that you are now retired from worldly activities and are engaged in constant chanting of Harer Nama. I think by age you may be younger than me, if not by many years. So why not come to America and join me in this preaching work? I think if your daughter and son-in-law sponsor to receive you, there will be no difficulty for your passport, etc.

There is immense potency of preaching the philosophy of Krishna Consciousness under the guidance of Lord Caitanya, and I wish that all my Godbrothers should go to different parts of the world and preach this sublime message everywhere, because that is the desire of Lord Caitanya. Of course, as far as possible I am trying to spread this movement all over the world, and at the present moment my activities are prominent from Hamburg to Tokyo, a distance of 14,000 miles. I think the circumference of the whole earth is 25,000 miles. So this should be covered by some of our Godbrothers so that Lord Caitanya's message may be properly executed. I do not know why none of our Godbrothers attempt to this important side of our propaganda. Just now I am in correspondence with the Gaudiya Mission secretary, and I have promised also to help them if they will take up this work. I have not as yet received any reply from them. I have also asked them to help us in so many ways. Immediately I am in need of some supplies from India. They are as follows: 1) regular supply of 10 first class mrdangas every month. 2) regular supply of 50 pairs of Navadvipa-made karatalas every month. 3) at least two dozen pairs of Radha-Krishna Murtis, made of brass and 24" high. Besides these things, I require many other articles like temple paraphernalia.

Your daughter gave me your address in Calcutta, and therefore I am taking this opportunity for your help in this connection. Of course, I shall send money for purchasing all these goods. I simply want your help that you supervise the supply and send us first class articles. We do not mind for the price. In Calcutta there are many manufacturers for mrdangas, and if you arrange with somebody, you can easily help us.

Your daughter has given me her address, and she is staying very near to our New York temple. On Sunday last she has personally seen how our preaching work is going on. On that day about 15 persons were initiated and one couple was married. So I hope you will kindly help me in this connection, either directly or through the Gaudiya Mission people. That will be a great help for my preaching work. You can reply this letter to my German center as above mentioned. I thank you in anticipation of your early reply.

Sincerely,

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
