---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — September 22, 1969",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — September 22, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — September 22, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gargamuni ======

My dear Gargamuni,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated September 13rd, 1969, and I am so glad to learn that you will not fight with Brahmananda. __Brahma__ means "the Great", so even if you fight, then it will be physically impossible to come out victorious. But one thing I see is that you are coming out victorious in the matter of sales organization of the books. In one of the letters of Brahmananda I understand that the book selling organization there is not very satisfactory. Therefore, I am very much glad to read the circular letter issued to the temple presidents, and I shall be glad to know how you are getting response. The methods you have adopted to approach reviewers and convince them to review our books, how much this attempt has been successful? Reviewing is the only way for pushing on any publication. Somehow or other we have to organize the sales of our books and literature. Otherwise, what is the use of starting the press? The press must work on continuously, and we shall produce immense literature. If the press goes on nicely, I shall be able to give you material for publishing a book every two months. We have got so much material for Krishna Consciousness Movement. In your last letter I understood that you are collecting at least $70 to $80 weekly by selling books. That is a great service to the society.

I am not very much enthusiastic to publish our books by some publication house, including MacMillan and Company. So far as I know, Ramakrishna Mission has their own publication organization; Aravinda Ashram has their own publication organization; Theosophical Society has their own arrangement; Bible Society has their own arrangement; Ravindra Natha Thakura has their own arrangement. So why Iskcon should fail to have its own organization? The thing is that the publishers are interested in money. They will make a condition that you purchase 5,000 copies, investing your money, and give some restriction that you don't go to booksellers. That means they publish with our money, our literature, and sometimes, if somebody goes to sell to some bookseller, they take strong objection. At the same time, they want to publish from the business point of view, without taking into consideration the aesthetic and philosophical side of the literature. I am enclosing herewith one copy of the letter of the MacMillan Company sent by Brahmananda to me, and you seriously consider the whole situation along with Tamala and let me know your definite opinion what to do.

I am pleased to note your attitude regarding business. Our policy is nirbandhe krishna sambandha: We shall accept all kinds of civil activities, including business, trade, industry, only in connection with Krishna. I am glad that you are following this principle, and Krishna will be very, very pleased upon you to make you advance in Krishna Consciousness. Regarding Dwarkin & Sons, don't bother about it now. I shall see later on. I am keeping the invoice, and when it is required, we shall utilize. Hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
