---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Brahmananda — September 5, 1969",
    "h1":"Brahmananda — September 5, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Brahmananda — September 5, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Brahmananda ======

My dear Brahmananda,

Please accept my blessings. I understand that you want to open another branch of Spiritual Sky in Boston, but Gargamuni has written to me that he does not like the idea. I think we should not do anything which may be business competition between centers. Business is in one sense very dangerous allurement of Maya. If they are doing it nicely on the West Coast and supply the necessities of the East Coast, there may not be another competitive organization. Then this example will be followed, and some other center may like to open another branch. I am just trying to hand over the whole management in the hands of my devotees, but if there is some disagreement in the management, then the whole thing may not go well. I think therefore, unless you all agree to open another branch in the East Coast, it should not be done. You have got enough business in the East Coast, especially in the books and the press matter. I do not think you should divert your attention in any other matter. Yesterday we held Vyasa Puja Ceremony, and it was very nice. I shall take the opportunity now to thank you for the nice booklet you have had printed and for the part in this booklet written by you. After all of the reading was finished, I explained how service and prayers are accepted by Krishna through the medium of the disciplic succession. It is something like electricity: if one is in touch with his Spiritual Master, and his Spiritual Master is in touch with his bona fide Spiritual Master, then in this way an offering is automatically transferred to Krishna. Just as the Mercy of Krishna is coming down through the disciplic succession, so the service of the devotee is offered up to Krishna through the disciplic succession.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

Enclosed herewith please find the picture of the altar which should be followed everywhere.
