---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hayagriva — October 21, 1969",
    "h1":"Hayagriva — October 21, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Hayagriva — October 21, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hayagriva ======

Tittenhurst Park \\
Tittenhurst House, \\
Ascot, Berkshire, ENGLAND

My Dear Hayagriva, 

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 13, 1969 and have noted the contents carefully. The most enlightening paragraph of your letter is when you say to print 50,000 copies of our BTG. My idea is that we should print at least 100,000 of this magazine every month; if not immediately, then in the very near future. And it will be quite possible to do it easily because we have got our own press. I am so glad to learn that you are deeply absorbed in editorial work and your good wife is assisting you. I have received one letter from Shama Dasi how much she is pleased to assist you in this great task. I am also glad to learn that you have received the manuscript sent by Purushottam from Hamburg. Please finish up the business very nicely and the balance manuscript will be sent as soon as you want it. The date mark on the magazine I think is already removed from the face of the cover, as I see it in the #28 issue.

Your desire that you could be always with me is exactly befitting, because I need your service in that way and I wanted to keep you with me always. But somehow or other Krishna desired in a different way for better purposes. Now, by Krishna's Grace, you have got a nice wife, you have got a nice home, and you have got a nice engagement, along with a nice desire to serve Krishna. So all these combined together means your future is very great. You try to utilize the situation properly and I wish to help you to my best capacity.

If you could get some service in some of the Universities in Boston, that would be a great facility. Then both of you, yourself and your wife, could live in Boston and do the editorial work more conveniently in cooperation with Satsvarupa and others. I think in that way. So far as New Vrindaban is concerned, I am very glad to know that Kirtanananda is touring and trying to maintain and develop the affairs of New Vrindaban by his own endeavor. It is very, very encouraging to me that in his last letter he expresses his desire to sell our books and magazines. I replied his letter that he can take with him as many books and magazines as he likes and sell them and utilize the profit also, but I have not received any reply from him since a long time. I am so glad to learn also that your working in the Universities is not so much burdensome so that you can utilize your time more for editorial work. Please note it carefully that the publication of my books is so dear to me, and I wish that you help me to the highest perfection of this work. You wanted my desire to order you something you shall carry out. I wish that you may take up this responsibility and do it nicely in all circumstances.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
