---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 13, 1969",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — October 13, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 13, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayapataka ======

My dear Jayapataka,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated October 3, 1969. and I have noted the contents carefully. Regarding the questions you have asked about the Radha-Krishna throne, I am enclosing herewith a diagram by Shyamsunder which should help you. If you have further questions about constructing the throne, you may consult with the Los Angeles temple. They will be able to give you the information. Try to make the set-up in your temple like the photograph I have sent you of the Los Angeles temple. If there is difficulty keeping the Vyas Asana as it is in the picture, then keep it where it is, and use the entire back wall for Lord Jagannath and Radha-Krishna , as per design in the picture. Regarding my meeting with Allen Ginsberg, don’t bother with this now. I wont be there while he is there, so there is no need of arranging for such engagement. Regarding Dyal Nitai, he was not fixed up from the very beginning, so let him try his luck elsewhere if he wishes. But if he has little bit of Krishna Consciousness he cannot cope with any one else. That is a fact. But if he is not pure from the very beginning, then he may slip away. But from the very beginning he had tendencies like that, so even if he came back don’t rely on him, neither give him any responsible work. The tests you have sent to me are nice, and the Hare Krishna Mantra leaflet is also nice. The only thing is that on the leaflet the type is very small, so people may have trouble to read it. I thing you may send one copy to Woomapati, because he may like to have some for his Paris center. I have received one letter from Janardan a few days ago, and he is coming to see me here.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
