---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Yamunacarya — October 21, 1969",
    "h1":"Yamunacarya — October 21, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Yamunacarya — October 21, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Yamunacarya ======

My dear Yamunacarya,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of October 4, 1969 and I have also duly received your beads sent by Brahmananda. Your initiated name is Yamunacarya. Yamunacarya was a great devotee. Formerly he was a great king, and later on he became a great devotee and acharya of the Ramanuja Sampradaya. There are many such Mahatmas, or great souls, in the past, and if we follow in their footsteps carefully, that is the perfection of fulfillment of our human form of life. To follow in the footsteps of the Mahatmas means to give submissive aural reception to the words and instructions of the bona fide Spiritual Master in the line of disciplic succession from the Lord Himself. When the Lord appeared on this earth 5,000 years ago, He instructed __Bhagavad-gita__ to Arjuna, and this purely transcendental message of Krishna has been passed down for the past 5,000 years by the media of sincere disciples giving submissive aural reception to the words of Krishna via the medium of the bona fide Spiritual Master. This acts like electricity, and if you touch a wire anywhere which is connected to the powerhouse, then you will be in contact with the electric current. But if the wire is broken or separated from the powerhouse, then there will be no electric current. Similarly, if we hear the unadulterated message of Lord Krishna from the authorized source, we will immediately be in contact with the transcendental atmosphere; but if we listen to someone who is presenting a broken, concocted version of __Bhagavad-gita,__ that will be useless. So try to understand our philosophy very sincerely and carefully. I am so pleased to learn that you are giving such nice assistance to Kirtanananda, and you continue in this capacity at least for the time being. Please chant 16 rounds minimum every day, and follow the four regulative restrictions which are as follows: no illicit sex-life, no intoxication, no eating of meat, fish or eggs, and no gambling. I am enclosing a page with instructions for executing Krishna Consciousness. When you have questions you consult with Kirtanananda, or else I also will be pleased to help you. Now Krishna has bestowed His Mercy upon you in giving you the opportunity to make final solution to the problems of birth, death, old age and disease, and if you follow the principles strictly, you will come out successful.

I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
