---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Pradyumna — October 13, 1969",
    "h1":"Pradyumna — October 13, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Pradyumna — October 13, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Pradyumna ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Pradyumna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letters dated October 8th and 10th, 1969 and I have noted the contents carefully. I understand from your letter of October 8th that there is a struggle with the Kazi. This obstacle by the Kazi is not new to our Krishna Consciousness Movement. It was there even during the time of Lord Caitanya, but we must steadily go on with our activities without caring for these so-called custodians of law. We are the most lawful citizens in the world, but if some demon Kazi gives stumbling to our execution of duties, we cannot abide by such order. I am very glad to learn that some of the Catholic priests are sympathetic with our movement. The government says "In God we trust", and we are preaching the message of love of God, pleading with the people to become servants of God. So where is the cause of breaking the public peace? I am enclosing herewith a declaration of our Krishna Consciousness Movement which you may present in court if necessary. You depend on Krishna, try to face the charges by your best abilities and surely Krishna will help you. A similar charge was brought against our men in Philadelphia and the learned judge found that we are not culprit.

Regarding our books, the scholarly way should be followed. That means as Dr. Radhakrishnan and Bon Maharaja do it, and as Dr. Singh recommends. In all our books and magazines henceforward the whole process should be changed. Whatever is done in the past forget. Now everything should be revised and presented in the scholarly way. That means throughout Krishna should be spelled Krsna, Visnu should be spelled Visnu and Caitanya should be spelled Caitanya, etc. I think this will clear the whole thing and there will be no more Maya impediment. I am sorry the __NOD__ manuscript has not yet reached. This is another ill luck that the Post Office has not delivered. So whatever you have got finish it. If the manuscript does not reach, then we will will have to rewrite it again. If there is such need, I shall send you the duplicate. If it does reach, however, please inform me immediately. Your idea that our books should be read by scholars is quite appropriate. Without following the diacritic marks according to scholars they will think it inefficient. Yes, we want that businessmen, economists, religionists, students, etc. will all be carrying __Bhagavatam__ and __Gita.__ Yes, do every word of our books meticulously and perfectly accurately transcribed so the most erudite and deep thinking men of the world can enter into the intricacies of meaning in each verse. Your idea is nice. Please help all our literatures in that way and Krishna will bless you. Never mind what has been done in the past. You follow these principles steadily, chant Hare Krishna, and everything will be all right. There is no question of being frustrated. Regarding __Nectar of Devotion,__ although it has been little procrastinated, things should be done slow but sure. Your questions certainly are not stupid. They are very intelligent questions and I am just pleased to discuss all these matters threadbare. I quite approve of your way of thinking. So do the work and Krishna will help you.

Enclosed herewith is a schedule for my lectures and one good news is that our temple which was being checked by the planning commission for possession has now been released and we are now able to possess it. So our temple at 7, Bury Place is now fixed up. Where is Hayagriva and Syama Dasi? Please combinedly expedite the printing matter composed by the IBM machine and let me know of your progress.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>