---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dayananda — November 13, 1969",
    "h1":"Dayananda — November 13, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Dayananda — November 13, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Dayananda ======

My dear Dayananda,

Please accept my blessings. I thank you very much for your kind letter dated October 27, 1969. Tamala Krishna has arrived here, and he was describing about your nice daughter, Candramukhi, how she is chanting Cintamani nicely. So both you and your wife are doing nice service to Krishna, and He has sent you a nice daughter. Be happy with your good family. Narottama das Thakura has sung in his song that anyone who is merged into the ocean of Lord Caitanya's Krishna Consciousness Movement, never mind what he is---either householder or in the renounced order of life, Srila Narottama das Thakura hankers after his association. I have heard from Tamala Krishna that you have done wonderful work very quickly in electrical installations in Boston. So wherever you go and wherever you remain you have dedicated your life to Krishna's service. That is the success of life. Now in the absence of Tamala Krishna you will have to see the management of the Los Angeles temple goes nicely. By the Grace of Krishna, now you have no financial problem, but only you have to see that things are properly managed and nothing is misused. Gargamuni is there and Stoka Krishna is there. So I hope things will go on very smoothly. We should always be careful that we are serving Krishna, and we shall do nothing which may displease Him. Than our life is successful. According to __Srimad-Bhagavatam,__ our life, our wealth, our intelligence, and our speech should all be engaged in Krishna's service, and that is the criterion of perfection in human life.

Yesterday I have sent one bill of lading and an invoice from Bina Musical Stores in Delhi. When they are cleared from the dock, please let me know how you have received things in order.

Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
