---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mandali Bhadra — November 2, 1969",
    "h1":"Mandali Bhadra — November 2, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Mandali Bhadra — November 2, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Mandali Bhadra ======

My dear Mandali Bhadra,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated October 24, 1969 and have noted the contents carefully. Krishna Consciousness is not limited within any circle. Brahmacari, grhastha or sannyasi: everyone is eligible for cultivating Krishna Consciousness. There are these stages for gradual development of control of the strong senses in the material environment. But any order of life suitable for a particular person in which he can most favorably execute his Krishna Consciousness is the best position to take up. Generally, if one can remain a brahmacari, it is very convenient, and from brahmacari one can take sannyasa. But in this age of kali Bhaktivinode Thakura recommends that is is better to cultivate Krishna Consciousness as a householder.

The London devotees are planning to go to Hamburg for four days this month, so if they take me during that occasion, surely I shall come to see you again. It is around the middle of the month of November, and I shall let you know in my next letter what is the exact date. I am sorry to learn that Visvanatha and Kunti Devi did not take this very seriously. What can be done? They will have to wait to the next life, or if Krishna's Mercy is there, they will come back surely. I am pleased to learn however that the nice girl who was at the Vyasa Puja ceremony is now coming more often. Any person who becomes interested, try to educate him or her rightly. Everything depends on preaching. Regarding the Gayatri Mantra, to say it silently is also chanting. Every mantra is recommended to be uttered silently, but specifically this Maha (Hare Krishna) Mantra can be chanted both ways: loudly and silently. The meaning of the first Mantra is "I meditate on the sungod who is maintaining the three worlds." Savitur is the name of the sungod, but the greatest savitur is Krishna. Therefore it is meditation on Krishna who is the master of all the cosmic manifestation. The other mantras are prayers to the Spiritual Master, Caitanya Mahaprabhu and Lord Krishna Himself. I understand that one Indian firm, INDO CRAFTERS has sent me one package of Krishna Nama kurtas. This was sent to Hamburg over a month ago, and I would like to know if you have received this package and forwarded it to me. In any case, I have not as yet received it here in London. Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
