---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sridhara Maharaja — December 7, 1969",
    "h1":"Sridhara Maharaja — December 7, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Sridhara Maharaja — December 7, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Sridhara Maharaja ======

My dear Sridhara Maharaja,

Please accept my humble obeisances. I hope you are keeping good health and everything is going well there. Srila Prabhupada desired that a temple should be established in the center of London, so you will be pleased to know this is going to take place on the Odansasthi Day, December 14th, in a 5-story house situated in the most important quarters of central London, in the vicinity of the British Museum and London University. It is very, very respectable quarters, and we have invited many hundreds of people, both Indians and Europeans, in this ceremony which will continue from the 14th till the 21st of December, 1969. I am submitting herewith our humble invitation for your blessings.

Another point I beg to inform you is that His Holiness Yayabar Maharaja has got land in Ishodyan and he wants Rs. 10,000 for it. He says that he wanted to construct some Math, but for want of sufficient resources he could not do that, so now he wants to dispose of it. I have requested him to donate this land to our institution because the land was meant for some service to Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu. Since he could not utilize it by constructing a temple or building there, I am prepared to do it for the service of the Lord and in pursuance of the desire of Bhaktivinode Thakura. If he donates that land to our institution, we can immediately invest Rs. 200,000 minimum for constructing a temple and home for the European and American students. I know Sripada Yayabar Maharaja always abides by your good advices. So if you think it is proper, you can advise him in the above manner so that we can fulfill the desire of Srila Prabhupada by mutual cooperation in the matter of discharging His Mission. I hope you will kindly understand me right and do the needful. Thanking you in anticipation.

Yours in the service of the Lord,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
