---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Govinda — December 9, 1969",
    "h1":"Govinda — December 9, 1969",
    "title":"Letter to: Govinda — December 9, 1969",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Govinda ======

My dear Govinda Dasi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you very much for your letter dated November 30, 1969. I have already acknowledged receipt of your very nice cloak, and yes, everything fits nicely. Regarding the Radha-Krishna Murtis, first of all, as you are searching out a permanent place, the best thing will be to install Them in that permanent place. It doesn't matter if it is on rent or purchased; but we must be confident that there will not be disturbance by some landlord on some flimsy grounds. In the meantime, you can construct a nice throne as you will see it on the pictures enclosed. I have got plans for going to Japan from Los Angeles, but in case I do not go, you shall be able to install the Deities. I shall send you the instructions how to do it, if this becomes necessary. In the meantime, just prepare the preliminary things.

Regarding translation work, I am very glad that Monique is very enthusiastic, but I do not know French. I have consulted persons who know the French language, and they do not very much appreciate her translations. So what can I do? The best thing is that she may go on translating and send her articles to Montreal in care of Gopala Krishna Brahmacari. She may similarly contact Janardana at Damberg, 6 Rue Michelet, 94 Fontenay-s-Bois, FRANCE.

For Brijbasi prints you may contact Acyutananda. Similarly you may contact him for other goods from India. All others have proved insincere. The case of the USC surely is deplorable. I have written them a very strong letter asking why this has happened. The best things will be to contact Acyutananda at the following address: Acyutananda das Brahmacari, 35 Satish Mukherjee Road, Calcutta-26, INDIA. When I hear from the USC, then we shall see what steps we should take to realize the cheating money. Please offer my blessings to the others. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
