---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dinesh — January 22, 1970",
    "h1":"Dinesh — January 22, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Dinesh — January 22, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Dinesh ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Dinesh,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated "nil" and I have also received the package of tapes by separate post. Thank you very much for them.

I am very pleased to learn that both you and your wife have been lecturing on Krishna Consciousness at the George Washington University and there was good response to your program. You simply read our books and if you simply reproduce the purport of Srimad-Bhagavatam or Bhagavad-gita, people will take it very seriously. So, of course, you must understand the purport and reproduce it in your own language. That will be very good, but someway or other if in some way you present the purport of Srimad-Bhagavatam or Bhagavad-gita that will be also very good. The idea is that we should not make any addition or subtraction of mental speculation, but we should endeavor, even if we do not fully understand from our present platform, to present simply the philosophy as we have received it directly and realized it by practical experience.

Regarding the Uher tape recorder, it will be very welcome. Our "Dicto-trans" dictaphone is not working and is always giving some difficulty; if the Uher is in good condition, it will be most useful. Also I would like to record permanent tapes at the same time that I am making dictaphone tapes. Can you arrange some device so that one control microphone will stop and start recording on both machines simultaneously?

Salt should be added to the vegetables after they are in masala, it should not be cooked directly in the ghee. Regarding recipes for a cookbook, I think Yamuna devi has made one collection of Prasadam recipies so you may contact her in this connection.

Please offer my blessings to your good wife Krishna devi and child. It is very encouraging to me that Visnu Arati is being raised from her very birth in Krishna Consciousness and is spontaneously chanting Hare Krishna. No other yoga system can be so practiced even by a little child.

If Krishna devi is continuing to feel weakness she may reduce any strenuous activity and increase the number of rounds chanting. I hope her health has improved by now.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>