---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Barindra Babu — January 22, 1970",
    "h1":"Barindra Babu — January 22, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Barindra Babu — January 22, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Barindra Babu ======

<card class="letter">
Advocate, Supreme Court of India\\
57/2 Ekdalia Road\\
Calcutta-19\\
India

My dear Barindra Babu,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you very much for your kind letter dated January 9, 1970. It is very encouraging to me that you are taking so much active interest in the matter of spreading Krishna Consciousness and willing our Society to gather strength throughout the world. I thank you for your good will.

Actually this Krishna Consciousness Movement inaugurated by Lord Caitanya is the only panacea for all the diseases of the material world; the missing point is forgetfulness of God. This is not a new thing because the reason for our material existence is forgetfulness of our relationship with God. Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu very mercifully reclaimed the fallen souls especially in this age by this short-cut method of chanting Hare Krishna Mantra.

By repeated chanting of this transcendental sound vibration, dirty things in the materialistic mind become cleansed. The dirty things in the materialistic mind are the modes of passion and ignorance. When the modes of passion and ignorance come in, although the process of cleansing is not yet completed the modes of goodness become prominent. This means that the propensity of being lusty and greedy diminishes and one can be fixed up in the devotional service of the Lord. When one is fixed up in the modes of goodness and devotional service of the Lord, he can factually understand his constitutional position, and that is his liberation.

According to authorized Vedic Scriptures liberation means to be fixed up in one's original position. The original position is that each and every living entity is part and parcel of the Supreme Lord and as such it is the duty of every living entity to cooperate with the Supreme. This cooperation is devotional service. So you have taken some interest in this matter. Please try to propagate this philosophy amongst the educated circle in Calcutta, and that is the best humanitarian service.

Mr. N. C. Chatterjee knows me very well because when I was in Delhi in connection with my publishing work Mr. Chatterjee used to invite me to speak at his house, and he has very highly spoken of my Srimad-Bhagavatam English commentaries.

Acyutananda is a very sincere young American boy, and your cooperation with him is very much appreciated. Now, the difficulty is that he is a foreigner. I understand that the land in Mayapur cannot be purchased in his name alone. Under the circumstances if our Society is immediately registered under Societies' Registration Act the problem will be solved. We have registered our Society in America, Canada and england also; why not India? You are yourself a learned lawyer, you know better than me, and if possible kindly help in this connection.

Your appreciation of my adventure at this part of my life has encouraged me, and I think that by the prayers of good souls like you I may be able to work for sometime more in the interest of this great movement. You have said, "Kindly treat me as one of your humble disciples." It will be my prime duty to help you to my best capacity for your spiritual advancement of life.

I am sending herewith a copy of the letter which I have addressed to the Home Department, Government of West Bengal regarding the purchase of land. So if necessary you can do the needful with this letter. I am also enclosing some newspaper pictures of our Western devotees' recent activities. After seeing them, you can give them over to Acyutananda; they will help him his preaching work.

I hope this will meet you in very good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
</card>