---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sethji — January 13, 1970",
    "h1":"Sethji — January 13, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Sethji — January 13, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sethji ======

My dear Sethji,

Please accept my greetings. I beg to thank you for your New Year's greeting card which I have received here in L.A. after returning from London via Boston. I am so glad to see your quotation from Srimad-Bhagavatam about the socialistic view of Sri Narada Muni. It is very nice and I have also mentioned it in the preface of my first volume of Srimad-Bhagavatam. Krishna Consciousness Movement is so nice that it can adjust the disagreement between socialism and capitalism. At the present moment, neither of these isms is perfect from the philosophical point of view, but if both parties take this common formula of Krishna Consciousness each one will supplement the other. I think, therefore, that this Krishna Consciousness Movement should be pushed thoroughly all over the world and I am seeing practically that it has got powerful effect.

There are many millionaire Vaisnava business magnates in India, like your good self, and if they like, they can cooperate with this movement tremendously. When I was in London your second son with his wife and friends came to see me when I was staying as guest in the house of Mr. John Lennon. This was before the completion of our Temple house at 7 Bury Place.

When I was staying in London I received one letter from Hitsaranji that the Dalmia-Jayan Trust as well as the Birla Trust have agreed to give us five pairs of Radha-Krishna Murtis for being installed in different Temples and I gave immediately instructions where to send them. But until now I have no information about the dispatch of the Deities. All the centers are reminding me. So if you will kindly ask Hitsaranji to do it without delay that will be very kind of you. Things are going on here nicely. In every center Sankirtana parties are going around the town. Sometimes the authorities are checking us from doing so but we have not yet stopped, neither we have in our mind anything to stop this Sankirtana Movement. On the whole things are improving daily and I hope it will continue to be so on and on.

Please let me know by return mail what is the position of dispatching the Deities and I will be very much obliged.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. The following books are being sent to you by separate post: Sri Isopanisad, Two Essays and Back to Godhead published by our own ISKCON Press in Boston.\\
ACBS:db
