---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — January 21, 1970",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana — January 21, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — January 21, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bali-mardana ======

<card class="letter">
Tokyo

My dear Bali Mardan,

Please accept my blessings. When I was in London I received your kind letter dated 28 November, 1969, but as there were many engagements regularly as well as there was installation ceremony on the 14th of December, I could not reply your letter sooner.

Now the MS of __Krishna__ book as well as the pictures, it is not yet settled up where it is to be printed either in Japan or in our own press, but I have acknowledged the letter of Dai Nippon and the copy is enclosed.

I understand that you are now preparing for going to Australia, and I am so much glad that you are so enthusiastic in preaching the transcendental cult of Krishna Consciousness. Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu will be very much pleased upon you. Lord Caitanya desired that this cult of love for Krishna, which is the highest benefit for the living entity, shall be preached all over the world. As an intelligent boy you can understand how much this Krishna Consciousness Movement is necessary for the upliftment of the human society.

Due to their extraordinary materialistic way of life, the so called "civilized" human society has degraded to the position of the animals. They are now dancing naked on the public stage and so called "respectable" persons are going to enjoy such performances. The animals wander here and there naked, the monkeys walk naked; even the aborigines in the jungles they also cover their private parts by some skin or tree or leaf. I do not know how the so called "civilized" men are gliding to the stage of animal life and still they are proud of their advancement of education and civilization.

So the disease of the human society is becoming more and more acute and Lord Caitanya desired that the Indians should preach this cult for the benefit of the human society. Unfortunately, the present generation of Indians is more attracted to technological knowledge than this cult of Krishna Consciousness. Their position is very precarious.

Somehow or other, under the order of my Spiritual Master I have brought this cult of Krishna Consciousness and handed it over to the American boys and girls. So I am appealing to everyone, especially intelligent boys like you, to take up the propaganda work of Krishna Consciousness Movement very seriously, and it will be a great service to the human beings. We have got now sufficient books and literatures and our philosophy is super-excellent. We are authorized, and we shall go ahead more and more.

I hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
</card>