---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — January 15, 1970",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — January 15, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — January 15, 1970"
}
---

====== Madhudvisa ======

My dear Madhudvisa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 5 January, 1970 and I am glad to learn that your process of approaching the Supreme is in order. Caitanya Mahaprabhu's philosophy is that we will neither try to become equal with the Lord nor we should attempt to approach Him directly. That will make us successful.

Perhaps you have received a copy of the letter from N.Y. wherein it is admitted by the draft board that the ISKCON is a religious society. So our members who are strictly following the regulative chanting process, observing the restrictive regulations and serving the Lord faithfully will have natural ministerial status and as such they will not be called by the draft board. So please see that all the members of our Temple are following the rules and regulations which are very simple namely to chant Hare Krishna 16 (sixteen) rounds, attending the classes, reading the books, going out for Sankirtana and taking prasadam.

It is very good that you are trying to find out a mansion like Boston, but that house was specially required because we wanted to install the press. So far other centers are concerned even though we do not have our own house, there is no cause for perturbation because our most important thing is on the street. So there is no hurry. We have lived in our present location for the last three years and we may live there for another three years, it does not matter, but Sankirtana program must be executed very nicely.

Another thing, perhaps you have talked already with Gargamuni that Jayananda may be required to go to India. Do you think that his going away from San Francisco will be detrimental to your working there? If it is so then the proposal may be suspended for a time because I do not wish to disturb your nice work. So I will be glad to hear from you about this.

Another thing, If Jayananda has got even a little desire for marrying there is no harm in that way but if he wants to marry, he may do so immediately and that girl Sacidevi is quite suitable. I know if Jayananda becomes married, he will not be a lost child; rather, a good wife in Krishna consciousness will be an extra impetus for his improvement. I think Seattle Center is going nicely as I understand from Upendra. He is regularly in contact with the center and they are doing nicely.

If we can open a center in Portland, that is welcome.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
