---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Vamanadeva — February 12, 1970",
    "h1":"Vamanadeva — February 12, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Vamanadeva — February 12, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Vamanadeva ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Vamanadeva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated February 2, 1970, along with the letter from Sriman April Grover, your St. Louis newsletter, and one handbill.

I may inform you that by the grace of Krsna this mission of spreading Krishna Consciousness is being enthusiastically pushed on for the benefit of the whole world by the assistance of all my disciples, good souls like your self and your good wife. I am so happy to see that you have introduced our Bhakti Yoga or Krishna Consciousness classes in two universities, St. Louis University and Washington University. This is the real course of study for human beings and we should use such good opportunities to give the young collegiate boys and girls this education of spiritual science. So please conduct these courses diligently to influence the hearts of the students and encourage them to participate in your temple's activities as well as weekly classes at the universities.

I am glad to learn that your Sunday Prasadam love feast has grown to fifty persons attending and participating in our Krishna Consciousness Program, and also you are holding successful Kirtana in the high schools. These young people are our future in Krishna Consciousness so try your best to convince them of the importance of this movement.

I have replied the letter from Anil Grover duly, and I hope these answers will satisfy his questions. You may further encourage him to chant regularly on beads, follow the four restrictive principles, and study our Scriptures with your help. If this chanting is sincerely performed and the regulative principles strictly followed, Krishna will give intelligence in such way to remove all doubts and answer all questions of philosophy from within the heart of the devotee. This regular program is essential.

Please offer my blessings also to your wife, Indira dasi, and to the other boys and girls and devotees there. I hope this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>