---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — February 18, 1970",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — February 18, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — February 18, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

New Vrindaban

My dear Kirtanananda Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to receive your letter dated 12 February, 1970, along with your check for $50, and thank you very much for this.

Your touring in different places and preaching Krsna Consciousness is fulfilling my dream. May Krsna bless you on and on for being engaged in such exalted work. In the Bhagavad-gita, last portion of eighteenth chapter, it is said that nobody is dearer to Krsna than anybody on the earth except the person who is engaged in preaching the most confidential philosophy of life, namely surrendering unto Krsna, leaving aside everything material or spiritual.

In the Vedic literature there are many recommended processes for spiritual realization, and Lord Krsna says that all of them can be avoided and if one is simply engaged in the transcendental loving service of the Lord that is the highest perfectional platform.

There is a great future for this Krsna Consciousness movement in every part of the world, and I am getting such indications from every where. So please continue these activities by travelling on your good truck, assisted by some sincere devotees like Yadunandana and others, and I am sure you will be successful in your mission.

Now I am hopeful that our New Vrindaban will be an exact replica of Vrindaban in India. I think it was ordained by Krsna that you went there, took your Sannyas order of life in the presence of Rupa Goswami and Jiva Goswami, and now you have got the opportunity to execute their will. Perhaps you may remember that after you accepted the Sannyas order many hundreds of people congratulated you, and you were looking so beautiful at that time that some of them were murmuring that this Sannyasi is looking exactly like Sri Caitanya. So all those utterances are the blessings of Sri Sri Radha Damodara.

So carry on this work more enthusiastically and you will feel more and more jubilant in transcendental bliss. So far I am concerned, because our relationship is father and son, so nobody will be more satisfied than me by seeing your successful preaching work. Nobody in this world likes to be defeated by somebody else, but the father when he is defeated by the son feels more pleasure. Therefore, I may once more request you to try your best to construct New Vrindaban an exact duplicate of Vrindaban, and that will give me the highest pleasure.

Side by side, please try to introduce our books in the different university curricula, and that will be another success. I have information from Gargamuni that major portions of my __TLC__ are not yet sold. Of course such literatures are not meant for ordinary public, but I am sure if you try to introduce in the university circle; and I have got many testimonials of my books and thus they can be introduced without any difficulty.

By the by, I may inform you that you desire me to go to New Vrindaban during Janmastami days, and I suggested to organize a fair within our campus. Do you think it is possible to do so within such short period? But if you can do so, either this year or next, I am sure many people will come to see such fair, and that will be a great impetus for developing the land. The most important thing is easy transport.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever will-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. Our Isopanisad is now published. This excellent book of God-Consciousness should be introduced as study book for school and college students because it is so nicely explained about God-Consciousness. Any sincere gentleman serious about knowing God-Consciousness must read this book. A little education will make every one aware what is meant by God. It is a challenge to the atheists, agnostic, skeptics and gross materialists. Please get this book in quantities from Boston and try to introduce it. ACB\\
ACBS:db
