---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — February 17, 1970",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — February 17, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — February 17, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

Sriman Rupanuga das Adhikary\\
ISKCON Temple\\
40 Englewood Avenue\\
Buffalo, N.Y. 14214

CENTER: 1975 So. La Cienega Blvd.\\
Los Angeles, Cal. 90034

My dear Rupanuga, 

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters dated February 7 and 9, 1970 respectively. I have also received the edited copy of Krsna tape #10.

Yes. The arrangement of sending tapes to many difference centers was becoming too confusing, so I have agreed to send the tapes only to Boston and Detroit alternately. I am glad to see that you are eager to do editorial work, and in this connection you should work in close cooperation with Satsvarupa. Our editing is to correct grammatical and spelling errors only, without interpolation of style or philosophy.

Regarding duplication of letters for distribution, I do not think that it is necessary.

I have received encouraging news of our Toronto center's importance in the matter of reaching our Krsna Consciousness movement to the many young people who live there. I am very glad to learn that Jagadisha and Laxmimoni will be helping there. Please keep your close contact with them and help them with all advices as an experienced devotee.

I am very happy to learn that your program of spreading our Krsna Consciousness movement is going on so well with classes at two universities and other outside engagements as well as the regular Temple activities. If you feel so certain that your present job is of no further practical advantage, you may leave it in favor of putting your energies all full time to managing Temple activities. Our movement is just now expanding very much and we are in need of many expert full-time leaders of our many activities to preach and also to guide the new students. So after careful consideration, if that is your decision, you may set aside your job. That is all right.

But now we should increase our study of our literatures, so that we can answer the scholars and philosophers who will be coming forward as our movement attracts their attention. So you should carefully study our books very thoroughly because there are many questionnaires coming daily and I shall forward them to you also. It is most essential that all the initiated devotees study our books and learn this philosophy very well. And to get the strength for understanding these, everyone must chant sixteen rounds of beads daily without fail. In this way, when the devotee is constantly engaged in Krsna Consciousness, following the regulative principles rigidly, Krsna will give all intelligence from within how to make steady progress in Krsna Consciousness.

I hope in Buffalo center you will ask all the boys and girls to follow this method, because henceforward we will have to face many scholars and philosophers to stabilize our Krsna Consciousness movement.

Hope this will meet you in good health, and please convey my blessings to your wife and all the other boys and girls there.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
