---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Aranya Maharaja — February 27, 1970",
    "h1":"Aranya Maharaja — February 27, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Aranya Maharaja — February 27, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Aranya Maharaja ======

Sri Gaudiya Math\\
New Delhi, India

Revered Sripada Aranya Maharaja,

Please accept my humble obeisances. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your kind letter dated 17 February, 1970, and I am so much encouraged by your kind appreciation of my humble activities in the Western countries.

Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu's foretelling that in every city and village on the surface of the globe His Holy Name will be known, is now coming to be true by His Will; and there is nothing wonderful because it was the desire of the Supreme Personality of Godhead. I am just trying to follow the instructions to my best capacity under the guidance of His Divine Grace Srila Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Goswami Prabhupada, and things are coming nicely.

At the present moment the preaching work is going on from Hamburg to Tokyo, crossing over the two big oceans, Atlantic and Pacific, covering 14,000 miles on the Northern side and again from Tokyo to Sydney, Australia, covering another 5,000 miles. I am enclosing herewith a newspaper clipping published in Sydney, and you will appreciate very much how Sriman Bali Mardan Brahmacari, who is a graduate of the New York University, is nicely working there since the last fortnight. In the meantime, I have sent another assistant, Sriman Upendra das Adhikari, to assist him.

In the beginning of my preaching work in the Western countries, I thought that some of our men from India should come here because I came here alone, single handed, without any men or money. By the Grace of Lord Caitanya the young boys and girls enthusiastically joined me while I was chanting Hare Krsna Mantra in the public parks. In this way, the whole Society has been organized and incorporated under Religious and Societies Act in different countries like U.S.A., England, Canada, etc., and things are improving slowly but surely.

Outside our Society, people are appreciating our movement gradually, and you will be pleased to know that they are also contributing for various activities of the Society. Perhaps you have heard the name of George Harrison, the celebrated musician of England. He has contributed nearly about two lakhs of rupees, the entire cost of publishing the first part of my book, __KRSNA.__ Similarly, just the day before yesterday, one boy has contributed 15,000 rupees for my book fund. We have got in many places our own buildings, just like in Boston where we have got our own press, ISKCON Press, in Buffalo, in Detroit, and just yesterday, on the Advent Day of Srila Prabhupada Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura, we have completed the negotiation for purchasing a big church property worth 20 lakhs of rupees.

I am very glad to learn that although you are 60 years old, you are enthusiastic to help me in this great preaching work. Of course, in spiritual activities there is no barring even in old age because I am also 74 years old but still working by the Grace of Lord Krsna. If you want to help me, there is great need of your valued service.

To get you here in the States would immediately require about 12,000 rupees minimum because if we sponsor you to come here, we have to send you a return ticket by Air, and there are other expenditures also. You have stated in your letter that I will have to arrange for your coming here, so immediately the Society will not be willing to spend so much money outright without knowing how you shall be utilized for our Society's work.

But even in India, as proposed by you, you can enroll some subscribers for our publications as you say in your letter that there is great possibility for this work. Another work is that we require many first class mrdangas and karatalas and Radha Krsna Murtis either from Vrindaban (brass) or Jaipur (marble), and I shall be glad to know if you can help us in this respect. In the meantime, I am advised to dispatch two copies of "Back to Godhead" by Air Mail Post to your present address in New Delhi. Please try for it New Delhi because it is the place where only educated and enlightened Indians are staying in hundreds and thousands, and I think if you work steadily, it will be possible to enroll many thousands of subscribers. So in your next letter if you kindly let me know how you can help me in the above mentioned suggested program, we shall think of our future activities.

Sriman Jaya Govinda Das is now in Hamburg, Germany, in charge of our German publication department (Magazines and Books), and Sriman Acyutananda Brahmacari is still in India and is trying to develop a center at Sridhama Mayapur. At the end, I may inform you that the American boys and girls are wonderful, and they are cooperating with me with great sincerity and thus Krsna is blessing them with advanced Krsna Consciousness.

Hope this will meet you in good health, and awaiting your early reply.

Yours in the service of the Lord,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
