---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Syamasundara — February 25, 1970",
    "h1":"Syamasundara — February 25, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Syamasundara — February 25, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Syamasundara ======

<card class="letter">
London

My dear Syamasundara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 22 February, 1970, and noted the contents carefully.

In the meantime I have posted another letter in which I have given hints how George can write the foreword. I want that he may write the foreword by his personal experience, otherwise, I could write one for him if he so desires.

Regarding authorized songs, you may inform George that authorized songs means the songs which were sung or composed by self-realized Acaryas. It is an injunction in the Vaisnava regulations that unauthorized songs or statements should never be heard. The comparison is given that milk, although very nutritious food, if it is touched by the tongue of a serpent, it acts like poison. So I am giving herewith a few lines of authorized songs which you may deliver to George. They are as follows:

1. Hare Krsna Hare Krsna Krsna Krsna Hare Hare\\
Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare

2. Hari Haraye Namah Krsna Yadavaya Namah\\
Yadavaya Madhavaya Kesavaya Namah

3. Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Hay\\
Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Hay\\
Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Raksa mam\\
Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Krsna Pahi mam\\
Krsna Kesava Krsna Kesava Krsna Kesava Raksa mam\\
Rama Raghava Rama Raghava Rama Raghava Pahi mam

So these songs were sung by Lord Caitanya Himself, therefore they are the most authorized songs.

I am very glad to learn that he has given up composing nonsense songs, it is a great advancement of his spiritual life. But as he has got the aptitude for writing songs, I shall be very glad to give him many such themes of songs on which he can write in his own language and expression. I am giving below one theme:

"My Dear Lord, I have simply wasted my privileges of human form of life. This life was meant for understanding Krsna Consciousness and the pastimes of Lord Krsna with Radharani, but I did not take care of this important business of life. Therefore I have not only wasted my valuable time, but also I have willingly drunk poison for committing suicide. My heart is always in blazing fire because of my association with material sense enjoyment, and I did not fix up my mind in the Krsna Consciousness movement which is imported directly from the Kingdom of God. This Krsna Consciousness movement is inaugurated by Lord Caitanya and Lord Nityananda Who are Krsna and Balarama respectively. They have descended very kindly to reclaim all fallen souls of this age of whom the typical examples are the two brothers Jagai and Madhai. Now, forgetting all mistakes that I have committed in my past life, I humbly surrender unto You, my Lord Krsna the Son of Nanda Maharaja, and also to Srimati Radharani the daughter of King Vrsabhanu. So both of You are present together, and I fully surrender unto You. Please do not reject me as I have no other shelter except Yourselves."

Perhaps you have heard, and George has also heard, my song on this theme, "Hari Hari bifale janama gonainu . . ." So if George can compose a nice song in his own words, and sings, I am sure it will be an epoch making incident. There are many hundreds of thousands of such themes, and if he wants to introduce such songs propitious for pushing Krsna Consciousness movement, that will be very nice.

The transcendental vibration OM is also authorized, but is specifically sung by the impersonalists. Although there is no incongruity, still because we are preaching the personal feature of God, we shall not chant Hari Om.

Regarding the castle which George has acquired, certainly it can be turned to a nice Krsna Consciousness asrama, and you can help him your best in the same pattern as you have developed our 7 Bury Place. But I do not know whether George will like to install Radha Krsna Murtis in that asrama. In case he likes to do so, then you and your wife, Malati, will have to take care of the Deities as nicely as possible. I do not know in which way George wants to conduct this asrama, and on hearing from you further on this subject, I can give you nice plans. Our general plan is always the same---chanting, dancing and distributing Prasadam. This program can be reduced or enhanced according to one's financial equipment. If George is actually prepared to spend 50% of his income, and thus become a typical example to other European householders, then I shall be able to give him a plan for organizing this asrama so much so that it will be very, very attractive to everyone.

As you say that George wants to invite famous people from all over the world to come there and get Krsna Consciousness, in that case, we shall cooperate with him with full vigor. And if George believes in my potency to spread God-consciousness, then it will be a full program of cooperation.

So I am glad that you are going to Paris, and just try to find out a suitable place for our temple there. Regarding __Krsna__ book, our printing cost will be $2.00 per book, so we have no objection if you can sell at $6.00 per copy. But here the opinion is that such a nice book with so many pictures, priced at $10.00 is very cheap. So I think if we keep the price $8.00 that will be nice. And so far selling in Europe by yourself, we can discount the price up to 40% and you can sell in your own way. But how it will be possible that the price is printed $8.00 here and $6.00 in Europe? That will be very much contradictory. Another process is to paste a small label for the European equivalent of $6.00 over the printed price of $8.00.

Regarding Mayapur center, when the building will be constructed there, probably your valuable service will be required. Let us hope for that auspicious moment.

Yes, I am sure that when George takes seriously into Krsna Consciousness, he will do many things desirable out of his own accord, because Krsna is sitting in everyone's heart and thus when a devotee is willing to serve, He gives dictation from within. So when George will help establish temples, it will be a great achievement.

I have already acknowledged that the "Govindam" record is very nice, and I am sure it will be appreciated. Devananda also has liked it and says that the sound will be very attractive to the young people especially.

Regarding the presentation of "Govindam" as well as other mantras, the vibration is always pure. I will give the theme and if the sound is Westernized that does not matter. But another point is that this specific sound of Kirtana as I sing is also another introduction of art that can be intermingled with Western art, and such combination will certainly be appreciated. But so far I know that the Kirtana tune is a specific representation of Gaudiya Vaisnavas and this tune is appreciated all over India as unique. They say that the Kirtana tune is the specific gift of Bengal, and that is a fact. So why not utilize this tune in the Western countries under the able guidance of such expert musician as George?

If you arrange, I will certainly come during Rathayatra. You will have to arrange for passages for at least two men, coming and going.

I am very glad to learn about the activities of your nice daughter. I am sure she will be a great devotee and great preacher also in future. I want that on this Krsna culture the whole world can be united.

Our Caitanya Almanac is being published. In the meantime, I am sending you one sheet. Keep it carefully for guidance. I think it is better to keep it with Yamuna because she is in charge of Deity worship.*

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*I have received one letter from Yamuna and she requires the list.\\
ACBS:db
</card>