---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hanuman Prasad Poddar — March 4, 1970",
    "h1":"Hanuman Prasad Poddar — March 4, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Hanuman Prasad Poddar — March 4, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hanuman Prasad Poddar ======

Gita Press\\
Gorakhpur, India

My dear Bhaiji Hanuman Prasad Poddar,

Please accept my obeisances. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 26 February, 1970, and I am glad to know that you have liked my detailed letter of 5 February, 1970, with enclosures. The books are already on the way.

Regarding my permission for issuing a detailed account of my work in a book form by some kind friend, it is very much welcome. I have asked my London office to send you more pictures and newspaper-cuttings in this connection. This book will enthuse me as well as the whole Vaisnava society. I can see that this Krsna Consciousness movement has such a vast potency that by its philosophy the whole human race can be united politically, socially, religiously, and culturally. If important personalities like you will kindly join with my activities, I am sure it will come out successful and India will be culturally united with the whole world.

For the present, I have got ambition to start at least 108 centers. My disciples are already scattered from Hamburg to Tokyo, and from Tokyo to Sydney. And more youngsters are joining us daily in this movement. By the grace of Krsna this Society is purchasing a very big church estate on the Venice Boulevard, one of the important highways of Los Angeles, and we shall remove there next April. When we go there, we shall be able to invite many important men of the city and try to convince them about our high philosophy. The atheist class of men foolishly inquire "Where is God?" And we present them Krsna---here is God, and if you have got sense and intelligence just try to understand Krsna, whether He is not God.

So in India also we have to do many things because very recently, by the propaganda of the politicians, the younger generation has become victimized to become Godless. So the hankering after peace and prosperity in the world in a Godless concept of life is simply an utopian dream. People must take to God-consciousness and surely they will be happy in all respects.

By the grace of Lord Caitanya, the method of self-realization is made very easy and universal by chanting Hare Krsna mantra. It is being effective practically. So let us join together to expand this great mission of Lord Caitanya Who predicted that everywhere as many cities and towns and villages are there on the surface of the globe, His Holy Name would be glorified on account of His transcendental gift to the fallen souls of this Kali Yuga.

The Dalmia Jayan Trust and Birla Trust have given us 5 pairs of Radha Krsna Murtis for installing in our different centers. Sriman Hit Sharan Sharma is dispatching these Murtis, and the Director of Scindia Steam Navigation Co., Srimati Sumati Morarji, has kindly consented to carry them on their ships. If you will also recommend some of your Vaisnava friends to contribute such Murtis, it will be very much encouraging. Or if you give me a prospective list of gentlemen, then I can directly request them for this cooperation.

Hope this will meet you in good health, and thanking you once more for your kind interest in my activities.

Yours in the service of the Lord,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
