---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — March 20, 1970",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — March 20, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — March 20, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Krsna dasa ======

Hamburg

My dear Krsna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 19 March, 1970, and have noted the contents.

Yes, I am very glad to learn that Hansadutta and Himavati have arrived with Tamala Krishna, and they have in such short order set up a good program of activities. So now your Deities are being cared for under Himavati's direction, and Sankirtana Party is more successful led by Hansadutta and Tamala. Now with this good organization please continue to work combinedly for spreading our Krishna Consciousness movement throughout Germany. You have said that there is such great scope for preaching there, so I am very hopeful that you will be very eager to carry out this preaching work, starting many new centers.

Our first business is this preaching work, especially to organize centers, and you write to say that now this spreading potency will be utilized, so you should join wholeheartedly in this program. If you think that the time spent for studying 2 1/2 years more can be better used immediately to push our Krishna Consciousness movement, then you can turn your efforts in this direction. That will be very nice.

Thank you very much for sending the article, which appears to be very nice. Unfortunately, none of us is able to read it. And thank you also for the enclosure of $15 as contribution to my maintenance fund.

Please offer my blessings to Jaya Govinda and Sadanandini for their being united in Krishna Conscious service. When I first saw this girl in Buffalo, I wanted her to get married with a nice boy, and I am happy that Jaya Govinda is chosen for this purpose by Krishna. So I think they are very nice combination, and let them work jointly with great enthusiasm. I think both you and Sivananda should marry some German girls if they are Krishna conscious.

Please offer my blessings to all the other boys and girls there in Hamburg center. I hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
