---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hayagriva — March 19, 1970",
    "h1":"Hayagriva — March 19, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Hayagriva — March 19, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hayagriva ======

Columbus, Ohio

My dear Hayagriva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 12 March, 1970, along with a poem "All glories to Sri Gurudeva . . ." etc. This poem and your many other writings give me the impression that you are naturally thoughtful and philosophical, and thus I am very much hopeful that in future you can give to the world many nice things presented to the understanding of the thoughtful men in this age.

In that way, I wanted you to live with me and be engaged in writing such things, getting ideas from me. But we will have to wait for a few days more, and then I shall ask you to leave completely from your present occupation in the university.

At present, you patiently work there and get as much money as possible for developing New Vrindaban. As I recommend to every householder, if you spend 50% of you income for Krishna's business in developing New Vrindaban, and a similar amount is collected by Kirtanananda Maharaja, I think there will be no need of financial help from other centers. I have inquired yesterday of Gargamuni whether he has any response to his appeal for money to other centers, and he said there was none. So I don't think other centers will be able to help another center for developing. Each center has to manage its own affair independently.

But I think if Kirtanananda Maharaja as well as you try to introduce our books for study in the university classes, especially in the religions department, that will be very nice and you can get good income out of that. Kirtanananda Maharaja has already introduced to one college, similarly Brahmananda has also introduced in some college, and in each place they have sold more than 40 copies of TLC. So the potency is there because these books are not ordinary literature, being based on Vedic philosophy they are in a way a new line of thoughts to the Western world. And those who are really interested in spiritual understanding surely will appreciate. But for this introduction I don't find anyone just competent except yourself and Kirtanananda Maharaja. So you can think over this matter and Krishna will show some way out.

Another thing is that there is a 90% chance of my going to India early next year. When I go, if you accompany me I will very much like it, provided you are free.

Now for New Vrindaban, if there is no immediate necessity for purchasing the side properties, you just wait for another year, and keep in a separate bank deposit for this purpose, and similar amount collected by Kirtanananda Maharaja. In this way, in one year I think you can accumulate this 5000 to 7000 dollars or even it is a little less, at that time, I shall try to complete it someway or other.

Our next attempt would be to present the brochure with all different pictures of our centers to the foundations and attract their attention. Our program is sublime. Our philosophy is practical and authorized; our character, the purest; our program, the simplest; but our ultimate goal is the highest. Similarly, we have to convince people of your country. They are intelligent, well to do, and receptive. Why not try this program combinedly, yourself, Kirtanananda Maharaja, and Brahmananda.

I think in New York there are so many foundation offices. If you all three or four together, you can add also Subala, it will be nice combination. If the foundations understand that actually you are doing something nice, then the financial difficulties for developing our various centers will be over.

Please offer my blessings to Syama dasi, and I hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
