---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Subala — April 11, 1970",
    "h1":"Subala — April 11, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Subala — April 11, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Subala ======

Philadelphia

My dear Subala,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated 30th and 31st March, 1970.

Regarding religion, not only at present, but also in the past, all of them are described as pseudo-religions. The Bhagavat has condemned such pseudo-religion in the second verse of the first chapter, first canto. Under the spell of material energy, man is forgetful of his eternal relationship with God. They create some religion to derive some material benefit as they create political organization for mutual undisturbed sense gratification. So religion is also a part of that concept of life. As such, in most of the religions you will find some instruction on morality and goodness, and God consciousness is superfluous.

So except Krsna Consciousness or Bhagavata Dharma or religion of the Bhagavata, any other system of religion is only pretension, that is the fact. It is not therefore surprising that your impression of the meeting of the Jews and Christians, where you had opportunity to speak, was that they were lacking so much in God-consciousness. So far we are concerned, our principle is to live with God as actual fact, and not to make God a supplying agent. Our process is different because we want to supply God everything---whatever we have got and whatever we have not got.

Regarding your need for men, Krsna will give you many assistants, don't worry.

I have ordered for you big Radha Krsna murtis for which you will have to donate $400 to my book fund. All centers are selling our literatures very nicely, you also try for it. Whether you have got sufficient stock of all our books---Bhagavad-gita, TLC, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Easy Journey, etc.? If not, then get them from Brahmananda.

I have not yet received the package of matched cloths which you have sent, but when it is in my hand I shall properly utilize it as directed by you.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
