---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Turya Shramy Maharaja — April 8, 1970",
    "h1":"Turya Shramy Maharaja — April 8, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Turya Shramy Maharaja — April 8, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Turya Shramy Maharaja ======

His Holiness Swami\\
B.S. Turya Shramy Maharaja\\
Sri Radha Gobinda Gaudiya Math\\
Village, Jagada nandapur\\
P.O. Dal_ (Burdwan)

West Bengal, India

My dear Turya Shramy Maharaja,

Please accept my humble obeisances. I am in due receipt of your kind letter dated 23rd March, 1970, addressed to our New York center and now forwarded to me here.

You will be pleased to know that we have got twenty-six centers all over the world, namely; Europe, America, Canada, Japan, and Australia. Of all the centers this Los Angeles center is my headquarters. The temple house is recently purchased by us at a price of $225,000 corresponding to our Indian exchange of 22 lakhs and 50,000 rupees. Out of the 26 centers, in three centers we have got our own premises. In Boston we have got our own press in our own house which was started last October, 1969 at a cost of 9 lakhs of rupees. I am sending herewith one picture of our present headquarters in Los Angeles at the above address.

By the grace of Srila Prabhupada the preaching work is going on nicely and the most important factor is that I have got a number of youthful American and European disciples who are helping me very seriously. As you know the western boys and girls are educated and trained up in practical life.. They are spreading this movement better that any Indian could do. So whatever success is there, it is due to them; I am simply instrumental in giving them direction. They are very kind upon me and offer me the best facilities of comfort. So things are very satisfactory here.

I have published English translations and commentaries on the following books: __Srimad-Bhagavatam, Bhagavad-gita, Sri Isopanisad, Nectar of Devotion, KRSNA, Teachings of Lord Caitanya,__ and __Easy Journey to Other Planets.__ Our magazine "Back to Godhead" is published 100,000 per month. I have advised my assistant who is in charge of the magazine in New York to send sample copies to Srimati Hemanta Kumari Chowdhurani, as advised by you.

In the beginning we had to accept some advertisements in our magazine to meet the expenditure, but at present we do not accept any advertisements. The whole magazine is full with transcendental message, even on both sides of the cover page.

I understand that when the first mrdangas were sent, you very kindly helped my former sister. So if you have got time, you can help us by sending as many mrdangas as you can because we require them for our Sankirtana movement all over the world. If you can help us by supplying mrdangas and Navadvipa made karatalas it will be a great service to the cause.

In our various centers (26) everywhere there are at least 30 to 40 devotees. Some of them are householders and some of them are Brahmacaris. I don't encourage very strictly increasing the number of Brahmacaris and Sannyasis because in this country men and women are very freely intermingling. Therefore I am encouraging householder's life strictly restraining them from sinful activities principally based on the following four points: 1) no eating of meat, fish, or eggs 2) no illicit sex-life 3) no taking of any kind of intoxicants including coffee, tea, and tobacco 4) no gambling. So this scheme appears to be successful, and in most cases the Grhasthas are preaching very satisfactorily.

Last December I have established our London temple at 7 Bury Place in a five story building, and it has become a great attraction because people from distant places come to see this temple. Our Radha Krsna Temple has become very popular because of two record albums published by Mr. George Harrison who is a world known musician. This young boy is very much sympathetic with our movement and he has very kindly contributed 2 lakhs of rupees for publishing my book, KRSNA.

So things are coming out very successful although slowly, and your good cooperation is earnestly solicited.

Thanking you once more for your letter.

Yours affectionately,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
