---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bahulasva — April 18, 1970",
    "h1":"Bahulasva — April 18, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Bahulasva — April 18, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bahulasva ======

<card class="letter">
Berkeley

My dear Bahulasva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 10th instant, and the information therein is very encouraging.

I understand from your letter that people have been well impressed, so this is a good opportunity for advancing our missionary activities. Actually we are creating the most peaceful persons in the world. Krsna is so nice that anyone who takes to Him becomes the first-class peaceful man. You can know from the example of Arjuna how much peaceful he was. He did not mind to forego his claim, and he remained nonviolent and peaceful. Personally he was not in favor of fighting, and whatever he did was only to satisfy Krsna.

Yes, that is a very nice proposal that you may combinedly San Francisco, Berkeley, and San Jose hold festivals throughout the summer, so do it. Whatever you do by combined consultation is approved by me.

Regarding Paramatma Das, I think he should simply push on with his school work as much as it may be necessary and the remainder of the time he may spend with the devotees in our Krsna Conscious activities. Certainly he is feeling some inconvenience due to the poor association at the karmi school but this is not a permanent situation. In the past many of our devotees like Lilasukha, Kancanbala, Indira, etc. in New York, Saradia in Boston, some others in Buffalo, and in other places also have finished up their required education in the public schools in spite of continuous feeling of disturbance by the nondevotee students and faculty. So if he finishes up his education in this way remaining under your care at the temple, then the unwanted association will not be harmful, just see that he is strictly executing his prescribed duties and that will keep him strong in spiritual life.

Please increase the sales of literature. That is our great Sankirtana---Brhat Mrdanga. The correspondence with Dr. Staal published in the Daily Californian was very much interesting, so we shall publish it in our BTG.

I am very glad to learn how you are improving the temple with new altar, proper Vyasasana, etc. I have already ordered Radha Krsna Deities for you, and when they arrive they will be installed.

Please offer my blessings to all the boys and girls there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. By the by, I understand from Hansadutta's letter that he has advised from Germany to dispatch $1,500 from Berkeley for credit of my account here. If it is not yet done, please do it.\\
ACBS:db
</card>