---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — April 28, 1970",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — April 28, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — April 28, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 24th April, 1970.

Yes, publish the Bengali poem which I am sending herewith. Get it transliterated by Pradyumna. The meaning is as follows:

My dear Lord Krsna, You are so kind upon this useless soul, but I do not know why You have brought me here. Now You can do whatever You like with me. 1

But I can guess that You have got some business here, otherwise why should You call me here which is demoniac. 2

Most of the population here is covered by ignorance and passion modes of nature, and I do not know how they will be able to understand the transcendental message of Vasudeva. 3

But I know Your causeless mercy can make everything possible because You are the most expert mystic. 4

Therefore, I am simply praying for Your mercy so that I can be able to convince them about Your message. 5

All living entities have become under control of the illusory energy by Your will, and therefore, if You like, by Your will they can also be released from the clutches of illusion. 6

If You so desire, I wish that You may deliver them, and only by Your such desire all of them will be able to understand Your message. 7

The words of Srimad-Bhagavatam are Your incarnation, and if they receive it in submissive aural reception, repeatedly, then they will be able to understand your message. 8

In the Srimad-Bhagavatam, First Canto, Second Chapter, verses 17 through 21, it is said

Anyone who gives aural reception to the transcendental message about You, which are always auspicious, by hearing and chanting, for him You become special well-wisher, and thus remaining within his heart You clear up all inauspicious understanding. When such inauspicious understandings are almost clear, at that time one realizes the importance of devotional service. In that stage of understanding, the influence of the modes of ignorance and passion becomes almost nil, and the resultant action of passion and ignorance cannot anymore attack the heart, and thus he becomes joyful being situated on the platform of goodness. When he thus becomes jubilant on account of awakening the modes of goodness by dint of devotional service, at that time he becomes liberated from material contamination and is able to understand the science of God. In this stage of liberation all misgivings in the heart, or bondage of material network, becomes cut into pieces, and he is elevated from all sorts of doubts in the science of God. At this stage the result of past activities becomes vanquished because of his realization of the Supreme Lord. 9-13

This is the process of becoming liberated from the influence of the modes of ignorance and passion, and thus they can become freed from all inauspicious things accumulated in the heart. 14

But because I am very unfortunate, unqualified, and the most fallen, therefore I am seeking Your benediction so that I may be able to convince them about this (Krsna Consciousness). 15

Somehow or other, You have brought me here to speak about You. Now it is up to You to make me a success or failure as You like. 16

You are the Lord of the whole creation, so if You like You can make my power of speaking as suitable as they can understand. 17

By Your causeless mercy only my words may become transcendentally pure, and I am sure when such transcendental message is penetrated in their hearts certainly they will feel engladdened, and thus become liberated from all unhappy conditions of life. 18

I am just like a puppet in Your hands, and You have brought me here, now You can make me dance as You like. 19

I have no devotion, nor I have any knowledge, but still I have been designated as Bhaktivedanta, now if You like You can just fulfill the real purport of Bhaktivedanta. 20

The most unfortunate, insignificant beggar, Bhaktivedanta Swami, on board the ship "Jaladuta," Commonwealth Pier, Boston, Massachusetts (U.S.A.), dated 18th September, 1965.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
