---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — April 16, 1970",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — April 16, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — April 16, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

London

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge reciept of your letter dated 6th April, 1970, and the information therein are all very encouraging. It appears that under your management everything is going on systematically. So by the grace of Krsna both your wife and yourself are endowed with great responsibility. Kindly manage things very intelligently and always feel yourself completely dependent on Krsna's protection.

BTG is my life and soul. Please therefore try to distribute BTG as many as it is possible. I started this magazine in 1947 in my householder life. I was spending Rs. 300 to 400 at the time ($300 to 400 in your exchange), and I was distributing this magazine without any consideration how much I was getting in return. Practically the whole money was spent without any return. But ten years after, from 1954 to 1959, the struggle was very hard because at that time I had no money and alone I was editing, publishing, and securing money for publication. So it was a great struggle. My ambition was that I would publish BTG in huge quantity so that people may understand transcendental blessings of Lord Caitanya.

Now, since I have come to your country, I have entrusted the matter to my beloved American boys and girls, and I wish to see that this magazine is published and distributed in the American way like "Readers Digest", "Life" etc., published in millions and distributed all over the world. Actually the position of BTG should be more important than any mundane magazine because it contains the quintessence of human necessities.

You can immediately transfer my maintenance fund to Pico-La Cienega Branch (308), Bank of America, 8501 West Pico Boulevard, Los Angeles, California 90035; account No. 3081-61625 (Checking).

So far incense business is concerned, you can do very nicely as they are doing it here. Gargamuni will cooperate fully in this connection, and both Jivananda and Mukunda are very intelligent boys. So do it nicely.

Regarding Sanskrit class, it is very encouraging that Mr. Parikh is helping you in this connection, but the chief aim for learning Sanskrit would be how to pronounce the Sanskrit verses especially in our published books just like you have already chanted the Govinda verses in the record. Similarly all the verses you have to chant combinedly and melodiously along with musical instruments, and it will be a great charm to the people of the world. When we shall lead our World Sankirtana Party at that time if we can demonstrate the chanting of the mantras as they are stated in Isopanisad, Bhagavad-gita, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Brahma Samhita, that will be our unique position. Therefore the main aim of this Sanskrit class should be how you can learn this chanting in the proper accent. It is not our aim to become a Sanskrit scholar.

Regarding the three couples staying with George, I think if there is no contemplation of starting a new Radha Krsna temple there, simply to take advantage of staying there is no good. Temporarily we may take advantage of it, but as soon as possible the devotees must live together and execute our Krishna Conscious business in right earnest. So I hope you shall altogether consult and do the needful. Not a single moment should be wasted---that is very important thing. We shall not act anything which has no connection directly with Krishna Consciousness business.

Regarding Digvijaya and Pritha, if you have decided to get them married as fit match, then I have all my blessings and sanction.

When Trivikrama comes to this side, my books which I have left in my room may be sent along with him.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
