---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana, Upendra — May 10, 1970",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana, Upendra — May 10, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana, Upendra — May 10, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bali-mardana, Upendra ======

Sydney

My dear Bali Mardan and Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated by Post 5th May, 1970.

So it is very encouraging that people are coming to the extent of 40 heads, and they are trying to understand the importance of this great movement, and any sane man will be able to understand that. But I do not know why our students who are supposed to be the leaders of this movement will fight amongst themselves for supremacy. Our whole process is of surrendering.

We are taught to address others as Prabhu. Prabhu means master; and the leader of the masters is called Prabhupada. So if the Prabhus have surrendered to the Prabhupada, why there shall be such mentality of occupying the superior position? This is contradictory.

Kindly stop this unnecessary misunderstanding. Both Upendra and yourself are competent and experienced, so please adjust your disagreement amongst your selves. It is my request. As a matter of fact, as you are the pioneer in taking all risks to go to Australia, naturally you shall be considered as the leader, but a leader's position is also very grave and responsible. A leader has to lead others very tactfully and intelligently. Kindly therefore do not quarrel, but go on with your duties progressively.

I can understand very well that Upendra is feeling very much disturbed on account of Citralekha's absence, it is quite natural, but what can I do? I have arranged for $500 also, but the Australian Immigration detained her for a technical reason. This is already informed in detail to Upendra by Madhudvisa, as I understand. So this is the position.

In the meantime, things should run on as it is, and if there is any need of change, we shall consider about it when Citralekha goes there. Please try to organize the new center as nicely as possible even at personal inconvenience---that is real service. Krsna is sitting in everyone's heart, He knows everything what to do, so depend on Him and do your duties patiently. Maya is very strong, and we are liable to fall down at any moment. We have to gather our strength by chanting the beads sixteen rounds regularly and praying to the lotus feet of Krsna for guidance.

I hope both of you will kindly follow my instruction and forget if there is any accidental disagreement.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
