---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — May 6, 1970",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — May 6, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — May 6, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

London

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated 30th April, 1970, and I have noted the contents carefully. I have also received the list of all the cities and towns in England, and thank you very much. It is my desire that you open a center in each and every one of these places, and that will help to fulfill the prophecy of Lord Caitanya that His Holy Name will be sung in every city and town all over the globe.

I am so glad to learn that things are going on nicely in our London Temple. The most important point in this letter is second time initiation of some of the devotees, specifically Jaya Hari Das Brahmacari, Jyotirmayidevi Dasi, and Mandakinidevi Dasi. So I am sending herewith the sanctified Gayatri Mantra Tape and papers for holding the ceremony, as well as a sacred thread and special instructions for the devotees with the Gayatri Mantra.

Now what we have to do is to hold the Gayatri Mantra ceremony according to the instruction paper, then at the end teach Jaya Hari personally how to count on the finger divisions. Then play the Gayatri Mantra tape for him, and let him repeat the Mantras along with my vibration, word-to-word, and then hang the Sacred Thread on his neck as usual. The girls don't require Sacred Thread, as you know, but they simply can responsively chant the Gayatri Mantras. In each individual case the instruction should be given and the mantra replayed.

This Gayatri Mantra function should be held amongst the devotees only.

While Trivikrama is coming here, the books which I have left in London---one large Bhagavatam, one small Bhakti-Rasamrta Sindhu, and maybe other books---he may bring here. So I am awaiting his arrival along with the books very soon.

Please offer my blessings to Srimati Yamuna Dasi, and to all the other devotees there in London.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
