---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Candanacarya, Bharadraja — May 9, 1970",
    "h1":"Candanacarya, Bharadraja — May 9, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Candanacarya, Bharadraja — May 9, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Candanacarya, Bharadraja ======

Boston

My dear Candanacarya and Bharadraja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 4th May, 1970, along with a nice tape of Sankirtana and solo song.

So it is very nice. Lord Caitanya has introduced a very nice system of self-realization through arts and songs. Both of you are expert in singing and musical science as well as painting work. Now by the grace of Krsna your talents are being utilized in His service. That is what we require in Krsna Consciousness. We do not require to qualify very extraordinarily to serve Krsna. Krsna is Self-sufficient, He does not require anyone's service, but still the more we render service unto Him the more we become happy.

The example is given in the Srimad-Bhagavatam that the decoration on the face of a certain person is not seen by him, but when he sees his face on the mirror he enjoys. In other words, whatever we offer to the Lord, it is actually enjoyed by us. Just like we prepare so many delicious foodstuffs for Krsna, but we eat the Prasadam remnant of foodstuff offered to Krsna. The whole idea is that everything should be offered to Krsna, and afterward we shall enjoy the effects.

You have painted so many pictures of Krsna, and when you see to the pictures you enjoy and at the same time Krsna is pleased. Similarly the foodstuff prepared for Krsna actually we partake for it, but at the same time Krsna is pleased. Those who are cooking for themselves and eating them without offering to Krsna cannot enjoy such blissful life like the devotees.

By serving Krsna we are not the least loser, but we are simply gainer more and more transcendentally. Keep this point always in front, and work for Krsna and be happy.

I have received some laddus from Boston without any note, but I think it is sent by Rukmini devi, so please offer her my thanks and blessings.

Be happy and chant Hare Krsna.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
