---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — June 29, 1970",
    "h1":"Ksirodakasayi — June 29, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — June 29, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Ksirodakasayi ======

<card class="letter">
London

My dear Ksirodakasayi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 17th May, 1970. I hope everything is going well with your family and the temple, and perhaps you are already in touch with the Rathayatra festival arrangement.

Regarding disposing of your business in order to join our business fully, I am simply thinking of your wife and children. Do you think that without conducting your business there will be sufficient provision for upkeep of your family? We require personalities like you to join this movement wholeheartedly, but because you have got wife and children I am hesitating to ask you to close your business. As a responsible head of a family you should consider this point seriously.

I have already asked Gurudasa and Mukunda to inquire if some land is available in the vicinity of Regent Park. I have heard that the Government allots free gift land for religious temples. If such land is available, then we can immediately take up the project of constructing a very gorgeous style Indian temple.

Regarding our prospective Indian tour in February of 1971, we must now settle up the things during the Rathayatra festival because all important European devotees will collect together in London. The program is to go to India with forty heads, male and female. One local Indian chemist, Dr. Ravidra Pratap Rao, is here and most probably he is going to be our disciple. He is ready to receive our party at Gorakhpur and arrange for our visiting different important places. So the best thing will be to purchase our ticket up to Lucknow if it is possible and then from Lucknow they will receive us by train to Gorakhpur. This is the idea here. Now you should consider what is to be done. So on hearing from you definitely I shall ask Dr. Rao for our proper reception in India. The itinerary is not yet fixed up, but on hearing from you definitely I shall send you.

Since "Kalyana" magazine has published one article about us which perhaps you have seen also we have received many sympathetic letters, and there is possibility of opening at least one dozen centers in India at different places. I am forwarding a copy of this letter to Gurudasa, so during Rathayatra festival you must meet together and make a decision of this World Sankirtana Party.

So far we have received sympathetic letters from the following places: Calcutta Bombay, Madras, Lucknow, Gorakhpur Nainital, Almora, Ambala, Ajmere, Ahmedabad, Jodhpur, Vrndavana, etc.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db

L.A. July 17, 1970

P.S. This letter was written to you but by mistake it was not posted. A copy of this letter was sent to Gurudasa and probably you had some discussion with him for our Indian tour next year. I shall be glad to hear from you. Hope you are well.

I am enclosing herewith two pictures of Rathayatra at S.F. this year.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>