---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Radharamana Sharanji — June 25, 1970",
    "h1":"Radharamana Sharanji — June 25, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Radharamana Sharanji — June 25, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Radharamana Sharanji ======

Radha Raman\\
Vrndavana

Dear Sriman Radharamana Sharanji,

Please accept my greetings and blessings of Lord Krsna. I am so glad to receive your letter dated 17th June, 1970.

The most important subject immediately is that I intend the World Sankirtana Party to visit Vrndavana sometimes in January or February of 1971. So we want accommodations for at least forty men and women which will constitute the Sankirtana Party. So we want a nice place for their stay in Vrndavana for some time. If a big house is available for rent that will be very nice, or if a suitable house is available for purchase that also we could consider. There are many dilapidated big temples of our late native princes and if one of them suitable for our purpose is available either on rent or for purchase we can accept it.

As you know the standard of living of Americans and Europeans is different from our standard, it is better if we can accommodate them little comfortably. In that sense commode will be convenient for them. Otherwise, my students are so nicely trained that they can even lie down on the street. But it is my duty to see to their comforts as far as possible. So please let me know if such house is available. It does not matter where it is situated.

The next point is whether the principal temples in Vrndavana, say for example Radharamanaji's Temple where you are staying, will have any objection to admit these Europeans and Americans for darsana and kirtana. From sastric point of view there cannot be any objection because they are now pure Vaisnavas following rigidly the rules and regulations. As you already have seen in the "Kalyana" magazine, April 1970, they are taking twice daily bath, having kuntis, chanting Hare Krsna on the beads, decorating the body with twelve tilaka marks and following the four regulative principles 1) no eating of meat, fish or eggs, 2) no illicit sex, 3) to taking of any kind of intoxicants, including coffee, tea, and cigarettes, and 4) no gambling, strictly. It is confirmed in the Bhagavad-gita and Srimad-Bhagavatam that anyone, even in the impious source of birth, if one takes to the Krsna conscious principles he is admitted in Vaikuntha Goloka Vrndavana. In the Srimad-Bhagavatam, Sukdev Goswami says that such things are possible by the grace of Almighty Visnu. Similarly Narada Muni has explained to Maharaja Yudhisthira that one has to be judged by the symptoms of his life and not by his birth. And this is also accepted by the great Bhagavat commentator, Sridhara Svami.

So all of my disciples are trained up Vaisnavas, there is no doubt about it. But still if the Vrndavana temple owners object to their admission, then what is the remedy? I am seeking you help in this connection because suppose they go to Vrndavana and if the temple owners object for their admission, then I shall be put into great difficulty. So I am expecting your reply on this point after due investigation.

Regarding exporting Vrndavana articles, you may kindly let me know what will be the charges for sending 100 pieces of japa mala, ordinary, by surface mail parcel. So far I have calculated the price of 100 pieces of japa mala will not be more than Rs. 50, and for dispatching by surface post parcel maybe almost the same amount. So kindly let me know if this is correct. I have got my account with Punjab National Bank of Vrndavana, and as such, whenever you supply some goods you will be able to take payment from the bank without any difficulty. Similarly, if your friend supplies Benaras dhoti and sari that will be very nice arrangement.

I wish that if our Vrndavana center is opened you may take charge of this center and thus help advancing this Krsna Consciousness Movement all over the world. There is a great necessity for this movement from all angles of vision. I am experiencing practically that through this movement the entire human society will be happy. And as you write to say that, "the Lord has very, very kindly given me human form in the sacred soil of India---simply to serve the humanity and through that Him alone," so this is the opportunity offered to you by the Lord---take advantage of it and set exemplary activities so that our countrymen may know what is the duty of a bona fide Indian.

So I will be glad to hear from you at your earliest convenience. I can read your handwriting very nicely.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:db
