---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Acyutananda — June 14, 1970",
    "h1":"Acyutananda — June 14, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Acyutananda — June 14, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Acyutananda ======

My dear Acyutananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter undated, in which you have acknowledged to have received my letter of the 2nd June, 1970. Previous to this, also I received one letter from you probably from Krishnanagar.

I am glad to learn that the land negotiation is complete and the registration might have already taken place by this time. I am so much thankful to Colonel R. K. Dutta that he has taken care for drafting the deed of conveyance. I am also glad to learn that your preaching work under the guidance of Mr. Ghosh also is going nicely. By these activities you are rendering the best service to my Spiritual Master and certainly He will be very much pleased to bestow upon you all blessings.

Perhaps you know the vedic verse:

> yasya deve para bhakti yatha deve tatha gurau
> tasta ete kathita hi artha prakasante mahatmanah

"Anyone who has got full faith in the Supreme Personality of Godhead and similar faith in the Spiritual Master, to him the secret of Vedic knowledge becomes revealed." The Supreme Spiritual Master is Krsna Himself, and the chain of disciplic succession is the dearmost confidential servant of Krsna. So whatever you are doing under my direction, it is going to my Spiritual Master and thus up to the Gosvamis and then to the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Lord Caitanya or Krsna. I have marked very minutely that you have a tendency to push rightly the words of Lord Caitanya and that will make your life successful.

The songs which you are singing in the meetings are all approved. I am also recording these songs on tapes. If you want such tapes, then I will send you. Perhaps you have seen the article in the "Kalyana" about my activities in the Western countries, and this will greatly help you in your propaganda work.

Just on receipt of this letter under reply I have advised Gargamuni to send a telegram to Jayapataka which reads as follows: "Immediately start for India, Acyutananda's letter favorable. Please reply telegram---Gargamuni" So far Nanda Kumar is concerned, he has now decided to get himself married, so I think you are not in favor of Grhasthas because you are a rigid Brahmacari. So let Jayapataka immediately go to India. In the meantime I am arranging for another ten Brahmacaris for going to India which may take a little time for the formalities of taking visa, etc. But rest assured as many Brahmacaris you want will go to India provided you make nice arrangement for their staying.

By this time you have experience of our Indian standard of life and your standard of life in America, so you will have to take little trouble to adjust their habits. And as you will be the head Brahmacari you should learn to tolerate. Lord Caitanya has advised us therefore __trnad api sunicena taror api sahisnuna.__ So whatever condition we may be we must push on the mission of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu.

You will be glad to know that your Godbrothers here in America and Europe are doing very nicely. Recently we have opened a branch in Copenhagen, Denmark, and just after Rathayatra festival there will be another two or three branches in England like Birmingham, Liverpool, etc. In America also recently we have opened a branch on the West coast in San Diego. The boy in charge of the center, Sriman Tulsidas Brahmacari, is very, very nice boy, and he has been given three assistants, and by the grace of Krsna within a month he is already stabilized. I am just sending you a copy of his letter received yesterday. How this boy has very shortly understood the whole philosophy and has taken the risk of opening a branch.

Similarly I am initiating just now one student from Armenia. Most probably I shall send him either to the Soviet countries or to Egypt. Our preaching in Japan is going on nicely. Similarly in Sydney it is going on nicely. So by the Divine Grace Srila Prabhupada Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Thakura we are expanding all over the world and we are getting good response. Now for India I am counting upon you. So far you have done it is very satisfactory to me, but we should always be careful about our responsibilities. It is said in the scriptures that spiritual life is just like handling a sharpened razor. If we handle it nicely we become cleanly shaved, but a little inattention causes bloodstain. So you will always remember these maxims and depend on Krsna and the Acaryas, and make your life progressive.

Regarding your inquiry about returning the stipend to Dalmia, I do not think there is necessity. The Brahmacaris and Sannyasis can take help from the society at large, and the Grhasthas are meant for treating the Brahmacaris and Sannyasis as their children.

Regarding the other side land, I think you can negotiate and as soon as the negotiation is complete you can advance some money. Then examine the deeds as usual, and then you can purchase---I have no objection. I think because the article in "Kalyana" has given us some publicity you can collect the purchasing money locally with the help of Jayapataka. If not, we will arrange for the money from here. Your idea for making our Mayapur adventure as Vaisnava University

[PAGE MISSING]
