---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sudama — June 2, 1970",
    "h1":"Sudama — June 2, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Sudama — June 2, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sudama ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Sudama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 29th May, 1970, and I am very glad to know that your preaching work is going on nicely. Please take advantage of the stall at the San Francisco Pavilion, and try to distribute the "Peace Formula" literature which you have sent to me as well as the card which you have also sent to me. Your plan to distribute French, German and English editions of BTG from the pavilions of those countries is very good idea.

Brahmananda is there so jointly make some solid plan. I understand that in Japan there is good possibility of spreading our movement, and the Japanese boys are chanting Hare Krsna Mantra very nicely. I think for the Japanese to pronounce Sanskrit language is easier than to pronounce English language; but this mantra is universal, anywhere you go everyone will be able to chant this mantra.

I am so engladdened to learn that arrangements are being made to print Japanese BTG immediately. Please do it as soon as possible.

Amogha Das Brahmacari and Satyavrata Das Brahmacari have already started this morning. So already you are three there, and Brahmananda and these two Brahmacaris---now you are strong six, and by preaching you will gather another six times six Japanese people and preach Krsna consciousness in as many cities of Japan as possible and distribute literature. The small books also can be translated into Japanese.

I have seen the footnote in the Japanese paper you have sent, and it is very nice. If possible you can import from India kholes, mrdanga, and karatalas. We have already ordered through Messrs. Dwarkin and Son superior quality kholes and pakhwaz, so when we receive them if they are satisfactory, then I will place order for your center.

The more you progress in preaching work, Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu will give you more facilities in this connection. By His grace you have got determination and you have got a nice wife and nice assistants---please do the work enthusiastically.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>