---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — August 17, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — August 17, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — August 17, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayapataka ======

<card class="letter">
Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka,

Please accept my blessings. Your letter dated 10th August, 1970, addressed to our L.A. Temple redirected here has been duly received by me. I have sent several letters and a telegram from this place to your new address, but I have received no reply of them till now. On the 15th August, 1970, Tamala has sent you the following telegram: "Srila Prabhupada desires to come Calcutta/ Immediately telegram 6-16, 2-chome Ohhash, Meguro-ku, Tokyo, Japan or telephone Tokyo 466-2935 to Tamala, Sudama, Kirtanananda or Madhudvisa and confirm reception accommodations---Tamala."

We were all expecting either your telegram or phone call at every moment, but I have received none. In the meantime I have received your letter under reply. I have again sent you another telegram reading as follows: "I have sent telegram/why no reply? I am ready to come/confirm immediately by telegram to ISKCON 6-16, 2-chome, Ohhashi, Meguro-ku, Tokyo---A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami"

In Japan we are now staying at the Temple, five Sannyasis including myself and one householder, Tamala, ready to start for India. I have ordered 70,000 different kinds of books and literature costing nearly $32,000 and most probably I shall order further for 20,00 more. So they are all meant for distribution in India for propaganda work. Besides that, I am getting Hindi Back to Godhead also printed here for distribution in India. So everything is ready, simply I am awaiting telegram from your side.

Regarding Deities, we have three pairs of Deities lying with Scindia Steam Navigation. I am sending herewith the copy of the letter addressed to Mr. Trivedi today. With this copy of the letter both you and Acyutananda can see Mr. Trivedi and on the strength of this letter you take delivery of the three pairs of Murtis. We shall install one in Mayapur, one in Calcutta and one in Gorakhpur.

I have got many inquiries and friendly invitations from many different parts of India, simply we want our place at Mayapur immediately, then everything will be in order. We will require a huge amount of money for constructing a Temple in Mayapur especially. I am glad that you are getting good collections also and there is good prospect of getting more. So if we work sincerely keeping faith in Krsna and Spiritual Master there will be no difficulty at all in our preaching work.

So either on receipt of this letter or prior, as soon as I get your telegram for receiving us, then we shall start for Calcutta.

We have ordered one consignment of Khole, pakwaz, and karatala. They are lying with Dwarkin and Son due to the Calcutta dock strike. If they have not yet been dispatched, please take delivery of them for our use in India.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>