---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — August 21, 1970",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana — August 21, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — August 21, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bali-mardana ======

New Vrindaban

My dear Bali-mardana,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your very encouraging letter dated August 15th from L.A.

You are now elected as one of the Commissioners of the GBC, so you have got great responsibility. So far we are concerned in the disciplic succession of Lord Caitanya, if we simply abide by the order of the Acarya in disciplic succession, then things are made very easy. As Krsna is saying in Bhagavad-gita that He is sitting in everyone's heart and especially to His devotees who are constantly engaged in His Transcendental Loving Service He gives special instruction so that the devotee may make easy progress of the path of back to home, back to Godhead.

By nature you are a willing volunteer in this Krsna Consciousness Movement, then certainly you will be able to render more and more important service to the cause.

I received the pictures previously along with your letter and I have replied the same to your Sydney address. Now in New Vrindaban you will be meeting all your God-brothers, especially the GBC members and try to make a strong program for pushing this movement on. Our immediate program is to send a strong party of sankirtana to India. By Krsna's Grace our place to stay is already arranged both in Calcutta and Mathura. If the GBC members can arrange to send at least twenty initiated devotees to India. I think by your exemplary character the Indian public will be surprised and they will take to your way of life. This is the second phase of my missionary activities. I want to take some of my exemplary character devotees for performing sankirtana in India so that they may see what is their defect. Your spiritual strength will depend only on the basis of unflinching faith in Krsna and the Spiritual Master, chanting sixteen rounds on beads and following the restrictive items.

I understand that you have been in Fiji Islands and there is good prospect for opening a center. Try to open a center in Fiji without delay and consult your colleagues in New Vrindaban, but on the whole if a center is opened there immediately that will give me great pleasure.

In our movements all over the world certainly we require huge amounts of money. When I came to your country first my primary strength was chanting the Maha-mantra and maintaining myself on public contributions and distribution of my Srimad-Bhagavatam. The same principles can be followed still namely collecting some funds by distributing our books and literatures. I thank you very much for appreciating my two recent books, Nectar of Devotion and KRSNA. If we distribute these two wonderful books by meeting respectable gentlemen everywhere, I think we can collect $100 at least by presenting these two books. So it is my suggestion immediately you should try and collect some money and I am sure Krsna will supply it and keep it for opening different centers. Please consult with the GBC regarding this program and make a practical schedule.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
