---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — August 16, 1970",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — August 16, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — August 16, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hansadutta ======

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 5th August, 1970. Now I am staying in our Japan center looking after the publication of books, dealing with Dai Nippon Printing Co., and I have already placed order with them for different books and magazines to the extent of $52,000. Most of these books will be carried to India for making propaganda there on or before the World Sankirtana Party reaches there.

Your first letter was duly received, but during the last few months I was very much mentally depressed. I do not wish to discuss those points, but simply request all the members of the Governing Body Commission to organize this institution very uprightly. I am glad that you are going to New Vrndavana and with the help of your other Godbrothers make a nice program for our future activities. It is my ideology that this Krsna consciousness movement can solve all the problems of conditioned life. We can make all the people of the world united in this simple method of chanting Mahamantra. That is already proved because everywhere we introduce this Movement it is accepted gladly.

Regarding my Godbrother, Sadananda Swami, I have heard many things about him as you have also informed me, but I think as he is old man we should not give him the trouble of teaching you Bengali or Sanskrit. So far my Western disciples are concerned, they have not got much necessity of learning these languages. Therefore I think it is not necessary. Please offer my obeisances to Sadananda Swami. He is my old friend and Godbrother, and so you should offer him all due respects whenever he comes, but do not try to engage him in some work in his old age.

When I was in L.A. I duly received your $100 contribution. I have replied Vasudeva's letter separately encouraging him in painting and you supervise that he is doing nicely. Immediately a set of paintings may be sent to Australia.

I am very glad that Himavati is always engaged in the service of the Lord.

Regarding Sivananda's going to Munich for starting a new center with his wife, the plan is very nice. If you open branches as many as possible that is very encouraging to me. Sivananda has got experience and he has now a new wife who is very nice so let them go to Munich for spreading this Movement. That is very good program.

Most probably the Sannyasis will go to India via Europe. Everything will be discussed in your next meeting in New Vrndavana when you meet there.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
