---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — September 25, 1970",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — September 25, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — September 25, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

<card class="letter">
Buffalo

My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated September 16th, 1970. Yes, the mail is a little slow: your letter was posted on the 17th of September and was received by me on the 23rd September. Anyway, please continue to write regularly. I am very anxious to know that things are progressing nicely under the new management of the Governing Body Commissioners. So please write at least once in a fortnight. The mail is coming through and better late than never.

I have just received one letter from Brahmananda Maharaja and one from Gargamuni Maharaja sent from Florida. I have replied them in care of you and you can forward their letters to their respective addresses. Books and magazines which they may require may not be restricted. I hope you understand the spirit of my letters addressed to them and try to bring them back to the service of Krsna.

I am very pleased that you all GBC members are remaining vigilant so that the disturbance in our Society may not continue. In Isana and his wife's letters there is reference to Tirtha Maharaja's name, as if they were advised by Brahmananda Maharaja and company to come to India and join Tirtha Maharaja. It appears like that. I shall be glad if you kindly inquire on this point. It is now clear that my Godbrothers take objection of my being called as Prabhupada and on this point they wanted to poison the whole Society---that is now clear. But how it was manipulated---that is a mystery.

Regarding Indian consulate permission for visas, etc., I have already received telegram that they are coming here on the 3rd October, so I do not think there is any need of further effort. I have instructed Dinesh to finish up the necessary details and I am sure he will do so as he as nicely done it so far.

I have received Karandhara's letter and Satsvarupa's letter and I am so glad to receive their encouraging reports. So the Portland temple is now established and you try together to open as many other branches in suitable places as possible. Please try to improve our Vrndavana scheme at New Vrndavana with the cooperation of all parties.

I beg to acknowledge receipt of your $2,500 check to the "Bhaktivedanta Book Fund Deposit." If you can arrange the tour of New England in that way I am sure you will get very good response. So please do it carefully. And if you get some monetary return, that will be nice.

Yes, please see that there is very strong program for placing our books and literatures in all the libraries and school-colleges of your country. That will be a great boon to the thoughtful men of your society.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>