---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — September 13, 1970",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — September 13, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — September 13, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satsvarupa ======

My dear Satsvarupa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your two letters dated August 30th and September 4th 1970 and it appears that the arrangement for distributing books in the libraries of schools, colleges and universities as well as public libraries is very satisfactory. Do everything conscientiously and Krsna will give you all necessary intelligence.

In India our preaching work is going on. Practically everyday we have got an outside nice meeting. There is regular newspaper coverage, but the difficulty is that the whole country is now communist infected. People are in very much perturbed condition. All of them are expecting me to do something for ameliorating the situation, but I am simply advising them to chant Hare Krsna because this transcendental sound is the only panacea for all material diseases.

I am receiving many astounding letters regarding the new propaganda work by our four Sannyasis. I do not know why these boys are doing such nonsense and wasting their time. I received their letter from Detroit about a week ago and I have replied them duly intimating therein that instead of wasting time in that way let them work constructively. Please advise them on my behalf not to waste time in such fruitless endeavor. I hope I shall receive their reply by the grace of Krsna in the meantime.

Now I have invested the GBC for maintaining the standard of our Krsna Consciousness Society, so keep the GBC very vigilant. I have already given you full directions in my books. Please counteract this contamination which has been spread throughout our Society.

Regarding the printing of the serialized chapter by chapter books of the Second Canto, why stop it. Let it go on as it is, do not stop it. We may suspend the Japanese printing for now. You have written to say that it seems in general that ISKCON Press is being taken over by Dai Nippon as far as satisfaction of our needs, but there is no such question at all. ISKCON Press must continue and expand also. So far the 5,000 copies of Nectar of Devotion are concerned, there is no sufficient money just now, so this may be stopped for the time being.

I am very glad to know that you are not affected by the propaganda of the Sannyasis that I am displeased with all the members of the society---I am never displeased with any member.

I hope this will meet you in good health and please offer my blessings to Srimati Jadurani whom I am so glad to hear is well and working on the paintings for Bhagavatam.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
