---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — October 27, 1970",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — October 27, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — October 27, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gargamuni ======

Buffalo

My dear Gargamuni Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 1st, 1970 and have noted the contents carefully. In regards to why you have been branded as Mayavadi sannyasi by society members, that is because you are identifying the Spiritual Master as God. We always represent ourselves as servant of God and you are preaching contrary. The Spiritual Master should be given respect of God but that doesn't mean he is God. That is Mayavadi. You should always remember that the Spiritual Master is the representative of God and should be given the respect of God but that doesn't mean that he is God Himself! You can speak of the Spiritual Master as "servant God" whereas Krishna is "master God". I think this is sufficient to clear the idea.

Regarding Swami Tirtha, this is just a rumor because in the past there where such symptoms. Now you should forget about the past, and go forward straight for preaching this Krishna Consciousness Movement. Before preaching of your Spiritual Master as God, you never consulted me whether it was right. This means you were inspired by some external influence. Subala said that it was a mystic influence. Why that was wasn't cleared up until now. That mystic influence was widely spread which I clearly saw in Honolulu, Tokyo or in other words, wherever Brahmananda went. Now we have to forget the past incidences and shall have to go forward with clear consciousness.

Regarding punishment, there is no punishment upon you. Rather, there is reward. You have been awarded Sannyas so you have the best opportunity to serve Krishna by preaching His glories. Why punishment? Before taking Sannyas, I told you that you may remain a brahmacari because management in L.A. was with you. Now you have voluntarily taken sannyasa. You may take advantage of this opportunity and preach this Krishna cult and expand missionary activities. Do it sincerely. For my disciples there is no punishment. There is no need for that. One who preaches Krishna Consciousness is supposed to be glorious. Directly write me and I will give you instructions how you can go on preaching. I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
