---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — November 4, 1970",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — November 4, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — November 4, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of October 15, 1970, and the contents have given me great encouragement.

When I first came to your country I had no idea how much the American people would cooperate with my Krsna Consciousness mission. But now good boys like yourself and all my other spiritual sons and daughters all around the world have been giving me great hope that I may be able to successfully fulfill my Guru Maharaja's plan. I have formed this GBC for that purpose, to keep the devotional standards at the highest level and at the same time to manage a world-wide organization.

I have just now received a letter from Brahmananda Maharaja, one from Gargamuni Maharaja, and one from Visnujana Maharaja. From his letter I think that Brahmananda is feeling discouraged and not very enthusiastic. So I am asking him to come to India and live with me. In the meantime Gargamuni and Visnujana can work together for establishing a nice temple in Coconut Grove, near Miami, Florida, and that will please me very much. Please go on opening thousands of centers all over the world.

I have received reports from my European centers that there has been some disturbance. I think that London is the most important center in Europe and the leadership must be very strong there, so I am asking Gurudasa and his wife Yamuna to return there. They are now in Delhi with some brahmacaris and, since they have come so far, they may remain in India for some time, but in time they will return to the London Temple. I have received one letter from Bali Mardan Das Brahmacari and he has expressed enthusiasm for his GBC post, so he shall continue in that capacity.

It is my desire that every American boy and girl receive a Krsna Conscious education, so your program in the Buffalo area schools is very encouraging to me. Young people especially are eager to receive our philosophy and this must be presented very palatably, jut as you have induced your young son, Ekendra, to become first-class devotee. Now you must make hundreds of devotees like him.

Regarding marriage, generally the man should be older than the woman. We have not had good experience with marriages when the woman is older. But everything must be done with reference to time, place and circumstance and in your country such a marriage is not uncommon. So if you think the match is good then you may marry them.

[PAGE MISSING]
