---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — November 11, 1970",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — November 11, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — November 11, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Madhudvisa ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Madhudvisa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter undated and I have noted the contents carefully.

Our first business now is to establish at least three temples in India: One in Calcutta, one in Bombay, one in Vrindaban, and if possible a fourth one in Delhi. People should say that these Americans have come here and they have built this wonderful temple. We must do something tangible. Actually here in India the street Sankirtana Party has not got so much importance as in the U.S and other Western countries where Krishna Consciousness is being newly introduced. Here in this country if we are out on the streets too much, it will be misunderstood as begging. Here in Bombay I have instructed devotees only to go out on Sankirtana party if they have no other engagement. Simply to dance in the street and to eat and sleep, that will not be considered real preaching work here. If you establish a temple, that will be real pracara. I have given you the hint how to purchase the property- by making life members. Yourself, Acyutananda Swami, Jayapataka Swami and Hanuman can divide up and go and see important men. There are so many big men in Calcutta who can become our life members if you convince them. This requires unwavering strength and enthusiasm to fulfill the desires of the Spiritual Master. When my Guru Maharaja ordered me to spread this movement to the English speaking countries, I did not know how I could do it, but I never lost faith nor did I ever forget this order. Now I am wanting that we will have some temples here since our organization is international. And for this purpose money is required. One has to create money but you must know how to do it. So you have got the means to make life members. Distribute all of these books which we are getting and purchase that Hamilton Building. That will be your credit.

While you are in Calcutta try and purchase the Hamilton property. If you find you are not able, then you can go to Gorakhpur as I have written in a letter to Jayapataka Maharaja but the best thing you can do is to work combinedly to establish a Calcutta center.

Please offer my blessing to Acyutananda Maharaja and Hanuman Das. Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>