---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — November 16, 1970",
    "h1":"Jadurani — November 16, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — November 16, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jadurani ======

My dear Daughter Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your two letters dated October 31st and November 11th, 1970.

I am very glad that you and all the others are finding that your Krishna Consciousness is increased by following our new schedule of regular activities in the Temple. I am getting such happy reports from all our centers and actually that is the way of advancing in spiritual life. Without being jolly, one cannot make any tangible progress in Krsna Consciousness and without strictly following the regulative principles and chanting the prescribed number of rounds on the beads, nobody can become free from the unhappiness of this material world. So it is imperative that all our students be exemplary in their execution of devotional service and naturally Krsna will bless you all more and more.

I was thinking that the paintings should be produced at the rate of one per day. That was my thought. But if it is not practical, there is no cause for lamenting. Simply go on with your painting as far as possible. Please do not neglect to engage yourself in the prescribed duties for maintaining your spiritual strength. Without keeping spiritual strength there is no question of any accomplishment like painting or anything else. So Krsna Consciousness is first in all circumstances. Everything should be regulated in devotional service. Just like eating. Eating is necessary to remain fit, but too much eating means disease and too little eating means starving. One must adjust things properly, that is the program of Krsna Consciousness.

I think that is you feel too much inconvenience just now by remaining in Boston with Satsvarupa, then you may go to some other center for some time with the art department and carry on your work there. Sometimes such separation for a time is beneficial for husband and wife both, but there is never any question of divorce.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
