---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — November 10, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — November 10, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — November 10, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 6the November along with enclosed plans for the Hamilton House.

Regarding the Hamilton House, it is a first class building for our preaching work with its central location. My Guru Maharaja wanted us to open our centers in the most congested parts of major cities. We do not want a place in a quiet and solitary place, so offer them 6 to 7 lacs Rs. immediately. Start with 6 lacs and eventually you can offer them 7 lacs, but that is the highest you can go, and we shall arrange Rs. one lac in advance. If they agree, we will come immediately and finish the business.

You should get the society immediately registered through Mr. Sen under the Societies act, not under the Companies Act. Please do this as quickly as possible, as men are expecting us to be a bona fide institution. I have asked Hansadutta and Himavati to come and live with me here in Bombay. Now, I think the remaining members in Calcutta, except for yourself, can go to Gorakhpur, as Ramananda has asked for six more men. Since you are the president in Calcutta and there are so many businesses still pending, you should remain in Calcutta. I have instructed Hansadutta to hand over to you for your sole care all the things that are remaining in 37/1 Hindustan Rd. flat, including my books, table, etc. In addition three sets of Deities there should be taken by you and kept carefully. See that the unwrapped set is securely wrapped and boxed as the others are. Also you can take from Hansadutta the document Bill of Lading for the shipment of books from L.A. and Boston. I am arranging through a forwarding and clearing house in Bombay, which has a branch in Calcutta, to clear these books, so once I know the address of the Calcutta branch office, I will inform you and you may bring them the documents.

I hope you have already sent by registered post my bank account passbook as asked you by telegram. So far as the 11,000 Rs. to be given by Sita-Ram Poddar, he can give the check in the society's name. We have also established an account in Bombay under the International Society for Krishna Consciousness.

Immediately we have no South Indian program. Our first business is to go to Gorakhpur.

So far, all of our success is due to our following the regulative rules of devotional service. So our good standing will be diminished if we join with groups who permit the use of intoxicants, etc. We should not compromise on this point, if we wish to remain pure and strong. Please write to Tamala Krsna at least once a week what are your activities.

Please send me immediately your new address and telephone number if you have one.

Hope this will find you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ds
