---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — November 15, 1970",
    "h1":"Krsna dasa — November 15, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna dasa — November 15, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Krsna dasa ======

My dear Krsna das,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated October 27th, 1970, and noted the contents with interest. I am very glad that by Krsna's grace you have secured a very nice place in Berlin for our Temple there and with Sivananda in charge I am sure things will go on well there. I am so glad to hear that in Hamburg your program is going on smoothly. Always work cooperatively, in Krsna Consciousness, without any self-motivation, and your progress towards the perfectional stage of Krsna Conscious life is ascertained.

I have already sent one Gayatri Tape to London and it is being kept safely there along with a full set of instructions for performing the ceremony. The mantra is to be heard only by the new initiate (through earphones) and once only. So if you find Natabara, Yogesvara, Indrani and Haripriya properly qualified you may perform the ceremony duly. So far Mandali Bhadra's marriage with Srimati Haripriya, I think it is alright, so they may be married with my full blessings upon them in their work together in Krsna's service.

Regarding Russia, I am very anxious to establish a center there in Moscow and if I am invited, I can go there. In the meantime, I think you should be the only one to hold correspondence with the Indology Professors, no one else. This correspondence should be conducted very cautiously with Russia. You can ask them some questions, like: What is the ultimate goal of life? What is your ideal ultimate goal of life? What is the difference between animal and human life? Why is religion accepted by all kinds of civilized societies? What is your conception of the original creation? In this way questions may be put to find out what is their standing. We do not grudge an atheist provided he has got some philosophical standing. In this way try to elicit some answers from the Professors. If you can finally establish one Moscow center, it will be a great credit to you. So far studying Russian language, it is not necessary, but if you do so it is alright. I want very much a center in Russia, so for the time being I shall desire that Moscow Center.

Please offer my blessings to your good wife and all the other devotees there. Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
