---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 17, 1970",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — December 17, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 17, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayapataka ======

<card class="letter">
Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings and offer the same to Madhudvisa Maharaja, Sagar Maharaja and Acyutananda Maharaja as well as all the other Prabhus there. I am in due receipt of your several letters and telegram dated November 28th, December 4th, 5th, and 9th, & 13rd, 1970, and have gone over the contents. I have just arrived in Surat from Indore and I have received all of your letters here brought from Bombay. We arrived on the morning of the 16th instant, and our reception here is most promising and cordial.

You have written that there is some critical remarks about us from some parties, do not care for it. We do not mind for the dogs barking. Let us go on with our business.

If the Hamilton Co. agrees to our terms, send us a telegram and we shall arrange for going there. Any suitable place will do for our staying in Calcutta while completing the transaction. You can not only offer them one lakh but we can give them two lakhs immediately put down on the Hamilton House if they give us immediate possession of the place. They may continue to realize the rental from the present tenants and we shall occupy the first floor. So we shall offer them one third of the total six lakhs to take possession and the balance two thirds or four lakhs we shall hand over when the tenants vacate the other two stories. It is good that we secure the place now. Arrangement should be made like that.

You go ahead and arrange the meeting with Birlas and Bangurs and there will certainly be no difficulty for raising the required funds for our Calcutta project. If we have got our place and the support of these big men, I am sure that I can cut down this Naxalite movement. I know how to do it. We have diagnosed the disease and the medicine is Hari Sankirtana and the diet is Krsna Prasadam. With our own place we can dispense these to the young boys and they will be easily cured. They have already shown their willingness to cooperate when I was in Calcutta last and I am sure of this plan to curb their misguided and frustrated activities.

Regarding the account with American Express, you should keep the present deposit with them and if you like them better than the Central Bank there is no need at present for opening a new account with the latter. If required in the future I shall return the papers to you with my signature as per. If there is no difficulty in withdrawing from the American Bank that should be the criteria for keeping the accounts with them. Wherever the money is kept, it must be ready for being withdrawn without any difficulty, in either the Central Bank or the American Express Bank.

Regarding the business of getting outside business contacts for some industrialists, etc. it appears to be a nice proposal, but you cannot deal with them now. When I come there, I shall see the situation and determine what is to be done in this connection.

You have asked some questions of unnecessary sort. Don't bother about these things. It is not our business to give them advice about sterilization and contraception.

We are planning to remain here for about ten days and our further program is to go to Gorakhpur via Ratlam. I will keep you informed of my movements so that you can reply me to the right address.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>