---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — December 1, 1970",
    "h1":"Nayanabhirama — December 1, 1970",
    "title":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — December 1, 1970",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Nayanabhirama ======

My dear Nayana Bhirama,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 21st November, 1970 and have noted the contents carefully.

Yes, I am so glad to learn that you are distributing our books in colleges and schools so nicely. Actually this Krishna Consciousness Movement is a novel proposition to the world. The world is suffering on account of atheistic conviction of life, so our theistic proposition presenting Krishna, the Supreme Lord, is certainly a great relief to the agnostics, atheists, impersonalists and voidists. In all our books we have very scientifically covered all such demons and if these books are introduced in the schools and colleges, so many beautiful souls will be saved. Your are doing a great service to humanity to introduce our books to the people in general. So far as preaching through television the mantras of Isopanisad is concerned, that will be a great success to do so.

So far as moving the temple to a new location, that is very good news. When I return to your country, I must visit your temple, either from New York or from New Vrindaban. Formerly, when I first came to the U.S. I saw this Philadelphia city. It is a nice small city almost representing New York. In the Philadelphia University there is one professor of Sanskrit. His first name is Norman, and the last name is, I believe, Brown. Dr. Norman Brown. He invited me to speak in his class, so we are acquainted. If possible, try to introduce our books there. This university is in the Walnut district.

If you can keep cows, it is very good. You'll get fresh milk. That's a great benefit. To take care of the cow is a religious function for the Hindus but actually if care is taken for cows, it delivers us the miracle food---cow's milk, which is so valuable. And because we drink cow's milk, we should accept the cow as our mother. That is etiquette.

Someday when the opportunity comes for film-making you can do so. If you can make bona fide films it is welcome. Then I can help you by directing. So far as exporting films that is not possible.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
