---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Advaita — January 21, 1971",
    "h1":"Advaita — January 21, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Advaita — January 21, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Advaita ======

Boston

My dear Advaita,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 8th, 1971, and noted the contents carefully. I have immediately sent you one telegram in reply reading as follows:

"YOUR LETTER JANUARY EIGHTH APPROVED---A C BHAKTIVEDANTA SWAMI" I hope you have received it by this time and done the needful.

I am so glad the press workers have become enlivened in their work. This is required if we at all wish to be a truly worldwide organization. Worldwide means worldwide distribution of literatures. That is the business of ISKCON Press. Now you are again in charge, so please see that everything gets done with the cooperation of GBC. Everything must be done cooperatively. Your present schedule of printing is very encouraging. The chapters of Srimad-Bhagavatam are very successful. They are selling good, that's nice. One dollar the students can easily pay and if they read, immediately they will get some sense.

If moving the press to New York is convenient, I have no objection. You must have all facility of work---that I want. It is good news that all the temples are expanding. So the press must be located in another place. The Brooklyn loft is nice and the rent is not much. Let us occupy at once. I have got all approval of this move.

I have already ordered a third printing of KRSNA I from Dai Nippon, but the Second Canto Srimad-Bhagavatam should be done by you. You have already printed up most of the chapters, so it should be printed there, not by Dai Nippon, so you do not have to send them the layout, etc. The new printing of Isopanisad should be not sent here. They should be distributed in the U.S.A.

I beg to thank your good self and all the other members of the Press Department for your sincere efforts to please your Spiritual Master and Krsna by propagation of Lord Caitanya's philosophy.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
