---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhagavan — January 21, 1971",
    "h1":"Bhagavan — January 21, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhagavan — January 21, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bhagavan ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Bhagavan das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 4th January, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. I am so glad to hear how things are going on so nicely in all the temples under your supervision as GBC member. I am also pleased to note that Bahulasva has taken charge of our Chicago center. He is certainly qualified and should be encouraged in every way.

That you are receiving so much coverage on television is very encouraging, especially that in Cleveland your response was so good that they set up another interview. When there is repetition like that, it shows great appreciation. So far as using television coverage to present our life membership program to the public, that is first class idea. Instead of approaching the people directly, they can then approach us. So continue in this way and Krishna will give you all facility. Also I am glad to hear how the parents of one of our devotees is taking to Krishna Consciousness. Why not ask them to become our life member?

I am glad to see how you are so much enthusiastic for making our plan of a daily world newspaper a success. It is a very large task. To publish a daily newspaper requires a huge establishment and the editor must be very well versed so that he can comment on all fields. So far as advertising is concerned, you should not approach people for ads, rather they should approach you. Do not spend for advertising. Let them spend to advertise us. For example the Times of India is giving us very spacious opportunity to publish our letters. One copy written by Giriraja Das Brahmacari is enclosed. In these letters our books are also mentioned. So in this way you can make advertising.

I will be glad to initiate the two brahmacaris mentioned by you, but it is best if they chant strongly and wait for two months. I shall be returning to the U.S. by the end of March and shall initiate them personally. I have received no slides from you as yet.

Please offer my blessings to the others. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
</card>