---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gargamuni — January 18, 1971",
    "h1":"Gargamuni — January 18, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Gargamuni — January 18, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Gargamuni ======

My dear Gargamuni Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I hope everything is going on well with your preaching activities in Florida state. I have not heard from you in a few weeks, but through Brahmananda Maharaja I learn that you are moving to different cities and preaching our Krsna consciousness in each place.

I have just written one letter to Brahmananda Maharaja informing him of our very good reception here in India and how our devotees and Sankirtana are being appreciated by all communities here because of the high standard of their pure devotional service. Many persons are simply surprised that this Sankirtana Movement of Lord Caitanya has been so nicely accepted all over the world with such good results. It is actually revolutionary. I am very eager to see that Caitanya Mahaprabhu's desire is fulfilled as far as possible to make this Movement international even to the towns and villages. People sometimes inquire if we have gone to Pakistan. And I am thinking---why not? Both India and Pakistan are in great distress because of this false partition and I am sure the whole matter can be put to rights by proper application of our principles of Krsna Consciousness.

I know there is already good acceptance of our Krsna consciousness philosophy because there is one preacher already in East Pakistan for some years and the Muslims are giving him all help. But we want to present the pure thing as we are taught by Caitanya Mahaprabhu and that will bring in a real change. If this program in Pakistan is successful, the whole world will have to see the transcendental potency of pure Sankirtana Movement and it will be to your credit. I have made Sannyasis for this purpose to spread up Krsna consciousness all over the world and I am confident of your ability to do it. You have now learned the life of a Sannyasi by practical touring and preaching, now it is my desire that you apply for some concrete results in this new field. If you do it, it will be a very great service to the Movement and humanity at large and I will be very pleased with this work. You can immediately make arrangements to go there to East Pakistan and Brahmananda Maharaja to West Pakistan, each assisted by one brahmacari. It will be easier for you to go direct from U.S.A. because your country is on friendly terms with Pakistan. I think you will have no difficulty in introducing Krsna consciousness as a cultural movement. Further hints I can give later on. Now you will have to ply your good intelligence for serving Krsna very diligently and soberly in foreign land.

Please let me know how you are arranging things in this connection. If you cannot raise funds for travelling there, I shall personally do the needful.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
