---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Visnujana — January 8, 1971",
    "h1":"Visnujana — January 8, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Visnujana — January 8, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Visnujana ======

My dear Visnujana Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your encouraging letter dated 23rd December, 1970. I am very glad to know that things are progressing nicely in Houston. I have seen the flyer and it is nice. Please establish this center firmly just according to our highest principles of devotional service to Krsna.

It is good news that you have now got a house and are remodeling it for the Temple. You may immediately arrange an alter for worship of Guru-Gauranga and that will be very suitable for the present. Later you can increase the Deity worship, but for the first while worship of Guru-Gauranga will be within your present situation very nice.

Regarding the college programs you propose to start this month, please carefully do it so that the young men and girls may take advantage of this transcendental movement for their ultimate welfare and highest education. Our program in the schools and colleges has everywhere been successful and I am confident that you can also carry on such a program with very good results.

I am glad to note that from your recent letter under reply you are feeling better than you previously expressed. So when you may feel morose, chant Hare Krsna Mantra loudly and hear it. That will reestablish you on the platform of transcendental bliss. Sometimes it appears that the devotee is put into some difficulty unreasonably, but the devotee does not take even this adverse circumstance as other that a manifestation of the Lord's Supreme Mercy. Anyway, such feelings come and go like seasonal changes and we should not deviate for that reason from our prescribed duty.

I have just recently replied several letters sent by you some time ago, I hope you have received the reply by now. I am simply counting upon you to faithfully execute your duties in Krsna's service and follow the regulative principles strictly. Then you shall be able to help spread this mission to the suffering persons of your country and that will be the greatest service. I am so glad that one young couple has already joined with you . Please offer my blessings to them, John and Barbara.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
