---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jagadisa — January 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Jagadisa — January 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jagadisa — January 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jagadisa ======

My dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated 10th, 20th, 25th and 29th December, 1970, and have noted the contents carefully. Also I have received the conchshell necklace made by Laksmimoni. It is very nice. Please thank her.

It is always so much encouraging to me to hear how nicely you are distributing our books, especially to the schools and universities. Please continue in this way and let your fine example be incentive for all the other centers to follow.

I have received the pictures enclosed by you of the very nice altar in your old temple at Beverly St. It attracts; that is its qualification. So make your new altar at Gerrard St. just as attractive.

So far as the devotees at our Montreal center working at regular jobs during the winter months, that is not very good, but if there is no other way what can be done? If they can pull on without work, then they can chant Hare Krishna day and night inside. For a Vaisnava to work for a karmi is not very good. The report from both Hamilton and Vancouver centers is very encouraging. Now that Hamilton has established their temple, they should begin distributing our books and try to match the quota set by Vancouver. So encourage them in this way.

Brahminical initiations can be given when you feel that the devotees are qualified. First you can inform me and then proceed by the method of tape recording. So far as taking disciples, their beads can be sent here and I will duly initiate them. From the picture you sent, they are looking very much qualified.

That there is a scarcity of money certainly means mismanagement. I have seen it myself that sometimes they sell books and do not send back the money. Why is that? This situation must be rectified. An accurate account of all dealings must be kept by those involved. How else things will be managed?

So far as initiations are concerned, you can send their beads here and I shall duly initiate those who have been recommended by you. If you want that we should send tulasi beads from here then you can send $5.00 per set to cover cost and shipping and I shall send after having chanted on them.

Please offer my blessings to the others there.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
