---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Upendra — February 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Upendra — February 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Upendra — February 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Upendra ======

Suva, Fiji

My dear Upendra,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 24th January, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully.

You have asked that somebody go there to Fiji to assist you so if you can arrange for passage, then one very intelligent boy, Amrtananda, who knows English, Hindi and Bengali, can go and help you. You can send the money to the Calcutta Address as follows: 11B Jatindra Mohan Ave., Calcutta-6, INDIA. Upon receipt of your money or ticket, he will immediately proceed. We could have arranged for the ticket from here but the government will not allow it. Best thing is if you send a ticket, as Bali Mardan also sent two tickets for two brahmacaris here.

I am so glad to hear that you are beginning door-to-door Sankirtana. This door-to-door San Kirtana is the mission of Lord Caitanya. Even there is language barrier, this door-to-door Sankirtana will fulfill your mission and you can introduce our literatures to the higher circles as you have done by presenting Krishna Book to the Prime Minister. I have news from Bali Mardan that KRSNA book is in great demand in that part of the world. I do not know if in Fiji it is the same.

Yes, progress of devotional service becomes choked up when there is gross offense to the Spiritual Master. So far I am concerned, you have no offense. You are carrying my order so faithfully in a far distant place. So you always have my blessings and Lord Caitanya's blessings. Do not think otherwise. Even if you think you have committed offenses, it is like kicking of the small child, which is taken pleasingly by the parents. So don't worry about it. Krishna will give you all protection. I'm so pleased upon you that on my order you have gone to distant places and faithfully served the cause. I thank you for this attempt.

The newspaper clipping sent by you was written in a different language. I could not follow it. What is the language? But I see there one name, Mr. Sri Dhar Maharaja. I'm sending back the clipping, keeping your photograph because I do not know the language, but I shall be very much pleased if you send me an English translation of the statement.

I was thinking of sending further Hindi tape recordings. If such speeches as the one already sent is understood by the people, I can send you more tapes like that.

So far other swamis and panditas are concerned, actually nobody would be equal to us because they do not come in the parampara system. As such their line of thought is null and void according to our understanding. Our movement is revolutionary to so called religious principles, gurus and swamis. This fact is being appreciated even in India. Gradually it will be more and more enlightening to the public. So please stick to our principles and preach Lord Caitanya's message anywhere in the world. Also I am so glad that your wife is preaching so nicely. Please offer her my blessings. Be happy together and preach Krishna's message.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
