---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Krsna Devi — February 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Krsna Devi — February 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Krsna Devi — February 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Krsna Devi ======

Boston

My dear Krsna Devi,

Please accept my blessings. I am so glad to have received your letter dated 23d January, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far as opening a center in Israel, I have all approval. Immediately you can open correspondence with one boy from Israel who has written me twice to come there and open a center. He is very eager to help. His name and address are as follows: Yacov Shames; c/o Dr. Ritchie; 79 Rehov Bait Vegan; Bait Vegan; Jerusalem, Israel. So make arrangements with the government and go there immediately. I have all blessings for this enterprise. Try and preach Krishna Consciousness in this part of the world. So you go there husband and wife with child and start a center. If you are successful in your effort, then I may stay with you a few days there before going to London.

I'm so glad to learn that your daughter is growing into such a nice Krishna Conscious child and very soon she will be a great help to your activities. I've seen many pictures of our Krishna Conscious children. They are nicely chanting and clapping. It is very good sign. Here in India our preaching is very nicely going on, and especially to our membership program there is a good response. So work very enthusiastically and Krishna will bestow all His blessings upon you.

Your husbands letter along with yours is very encouraging and I have answered it separately. I'm so glad to know that both of you are enhancing your Krishna Consciousness by mutual cooperation. May God bless you. You are all helping me by abiding the orders of my Spiritual Master, His Divine Grace Bhaktisiddhanta Sarasvati Goswami maharaj and He'll be pleased upon you who are His grand spiritual children. So this program to open a branch in Israel has got all my approval.

Yes, you can set up a Guru-Gauranga altar and if you can offer full arati ceremony, that is nice. Panca-tattva are most merciful.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
