---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Citsukhananda — February 21, 1971",
    "h1":"Citsukhananda — February 21, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Citsukhananda — February 21, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Citsukhananda ======

My dear Citsukhananda,

Please accept my blessings and offer the same to your good wife, Srimati Candravali Dasi, and your son. I was glad to receive your encouraging letter dated 6th January, 1971. It is very good news that your Temple has attracted so many sincere, intelligent and enthusiastic devotees. Please see them all trained nicely in devotional service and let them continue to follow the regulative principles and work on patiently. Patience is required for the successful discharges of Krsna conscious duties. Krsna is pleased to award benediction upon the aspiring devotee engaged in His service with patience determination and regularity.

I am also pleased to know that the program for distribution of our literature and "Back to Godhead" is expanding. Just keep yourselves to the standard by regular and attentive chanting, study, preaching, working, Sankirtana, and distribution of literatures and Prasadam. Then everything will be alright. It is very good that Candravali is in charge of informing the public of our activities. This is very important work. It is our main consideration in the development of our centers that the people should be attracted to this Krsna consciousness Movement one way or another. So we inform them of Lord Caitanya's sublime message which easily enables any man to overcome the difficulties of materialistic existences and graduate to the pure transcendental platform where he finds shelter from the ravages of birth, death, disease and old-age. By Krsna's grace you are getting ample facility for spreading the transcendental message and as you work sincerely Krsna will certainly give all things needed for the continuous dissemination of the Hare Krsna Mahamantra.

Hope this will meet you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

P.S. I have duly initiated Terry as you have requested. His beads and a reply to his letter are sent to him separately. His spiritual name you may inform is Sriman Traidas Brahmacari. __Trai__ means the Vedas.
