---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — April 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana — April 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — April 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bali-mardana ======

My dear Bali-mardana,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 8th April, 1971, along with enclosed documents; gift deed documents and plan of the land proposed. I have received all these just yesterday evening. Now I shall find a notary public and sign it by tomorrow or the day after duly sealed and send it back by registered post.

Formerly it was understood that the lady lawyer gave land plus $50,000 for construction of the temple. The temple construction should be according to Indian style, as a rough idea is enclosed in the sketch. So far as my going to Kuala Lumpur, negotiation is going on for two important things: One for purchasing a big property here in Bombay and another is going to Moscow, Russia, having been invited by a university professor there. Both the things will be decided in a week's time, so if I do not go to Russia, I shall go to Kuala Lumpur. I have already received credit letter for my ticket, so if I do not go to Moscow, I will surely go there and shall let you know the time and day of the flight; if I go to Moscow I shall return your ticket by mail. It is a hard job to go to Moscow. There are so many conditions. Therefore I am a little perplexed whether it will be possible to go there.

That you are distributing KRSNA book so nicely is very encouraging. Please sell as many as possible. I want to make a book trust of all my books. The idea is that the book trust will manage all publicity and distribution. One-half of the money should be spent for building our temples, and one-half should be used for reprinting our books. Unfortunately the building fund portion is being swallowed up by eating. I shall be glad to know if you can take up the responsibility of managing these affairs because I want to make the trust body as soon as possible.

If you like, you can send the Chinese boy here for being trained up. I have no objection. So far as Upendra coming to India, when there is a possibility of staying there, he should not come. I never advised Tamala Krsna to tell him to come. Yes, Indonesia will be a very nice center for propagating Krsna Consciousness in that part of the world. And don't mind about Singapore. If we can get firmly established in Kuala Lumpur, that will be best. Yes, by all means try to get registered there, as we have done elsewhere.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
