---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — April 1, 1971",
    "h1":"Jadurani — April 1, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — April 1, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jadurani ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Daughter Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings, and offer the same to all the hard-working crew in our Boston Art Department. I have received both your letter and a letter from Sriman Bharadraja some while back and just the other day I have received one telegram from the Art Department. I have also seen the article in our new issue of Back to Godhead and I am very much encouraged to see how you are all working so carefully in the service of Krsna in the matter of painting transcendental pictures of the Lord, His pastimes, His devotees, and illustrating His philosophy.

The philosophy should be illustrated, but everything must be done with clear intelligence according to the Parampara revealation of the Absolute Truth and Krsna will give you good understanding for the purpose. The picture of the upside down tree drawn by Bharadraja as a sample is good. The roots of the trees are like pillars growing large and making the tree strong. Regarding the descriptions in Bhagavad-gita Ch XV in verse 1 the leaves are described as the Vedic hymns and in the 2nd verse, the sense objects or vishaya are compared with the twigs. The jiva in the heart of the living entity appears as a sparkling star along with Supersoul depicted as four-handed Visnu as He appears on the cover of "Isopanisad" or similar.

Another picture shows the many pictures on the spool of movie film. Although there are actually many, many different pictures, when projected in continuous sequence on the screen the image appears as one. Ordinarily we see a man as localized, but every moment the picture is changing without the notice of the viewer. The soul within the heart does not change however, it remains the same. Again, you may illustrate the verse how the soul takes on new bodies as new dress and when the dress is worn out as at the time of death, he takes on new body. I know you are all intelligent devotees of the Lord and I feel confidence in you that you can all illustrate the philosophical instructions of the Lord and this will be a great boon to the people at large.

Please go on with this painting work with all enthusiasm. Our Krsna consciousness is so nice. By painting, your love of Krsna will become mature.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>