---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — April 4, 1971",
    "h1":"Nayanabhirama — April 4, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — April 4, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Nayanabhirama ======

Philadelphia

My dear Nayana Bhirama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 28th February and 17th March, 1971 respectively and have noted the contents carefully. Also I have received the two articles enclosed and I am so glad that they were well received by respectable persons. They are fine publicity for our society.

So far as posting articles in the state prison and corresponding with the inmates, that is nice program. If you can make good propoganda then everyone will become attracted to Krishna Consciousness. That is our mission. Yes, if the prisoners can give up their sinful activities, we can allow them to live with us. Otherwise, how it is possible? Our policy is to have shaven head, wear robes, chant 16 rounds of beads, follow the regulative principles, take prasadam only, etc. If they can follow all these principles then only it is all right. If a doctor prescribes a medicine and a diet and if the patient follows both, he will get well. If he just follows in part, then he may not. So all these principles must be followed in order to derive spiritual benefit. That is our method.

For the time being you can go to the jail and lecture about Krishna Consciousness and the values of life. You can give this lecture simply by repeating different chapters from our books. And the same can be done in the mental hospital as well. Distribute prasadam there also. Preaching at these and other big institutions is solid work, so try to increase this activity.

The suggested ceremonial gifts for the Spiritual Master are as follows: grains; fruits; spices; ghee; flowers; clothings and garments; bedding, shoes, umbrella; asana; sacred thread; utensils; lamp; bead bag; kunti (neck) beads; incense; ornaments; money. No, the third floor is not too high for my quarters. When I was in Montreal I was on the fourth floor.

So far as arranging for one engagement in the art gallery, I shall be glad to accept this invitation when I return. Let him be in contact with our temple and when I go there I shall accept this invitation.

It is interesting to hear how you received last month's rent money. Just see how Krishna is helping you. Just work sincerely and follow the regulative principles and Krishna will help us always. And now there are so many devotees there in Philadelphia. Please take care of them. Teach them how to remain neat and clean. They should be engaged always in cleansing the temple. Cleansing is urgently required. As far as possible, non-initiated devotees may not enter the kitchen or Deity area. They can help from outside. Just take care of them so that they may become pure devotees. That is your duty. We are respected everywhere on our purity platform. This should be maintained. That the graduate student and family has also joined our movement is very good news. Take care of him also. Let him read and study all our books.

The color slides have been given to Syamasundara. Also I have received your maintenance checks for the months of February and March, 1971. Thank you very much. So far as "Krishna catering service," unless you have got sufficient time to accept such engagements don't take it because everything must be done nicely. Try also and make the parents of our devotees into life members. That will help our movement; so will going on radio and TV shows. So continue such engagements as much as possible.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
