---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — April 24, 1971",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — April 24, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — April 24, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka ======

Calcutta

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 20th April, 1971 as well as the enclosed calendar. Thank you very much. I hope by now you have sent one copy to Boston for printing.

I am very glad that things are going on so nicely there. In the meantime I have received one letter from L.A. that they have not received any document for the brass Deities dispatched there. Two pairs of Deities were to be dispatched to L.A. and Boston out of the three sets given by Dalmia. One is there already and the other two were to go to Boston and L.A. I have received news from Boston that they have received one set but L.A. complains that they have not received. What happened? When some men go there to Calcutta from here, they will take one big pair of marble Deities for installation there; the brass Dieties from Gorakhpur will be installed in Mayapur. So please let me know about the Deities shipped to L.A.; to whom the documents were sent and why they have not received them as of yet.

I have already consented to attend Calcutta ceremony. I am not going to Russia immediately, but to Kuala Lumpur by the 30th April instead and I shall be going to Calcutta from Sydney by the 14th May. In the Sankirtana festival pandal if a very big kitchen arrangement can be made, then we shall distribute prasadam daily. Try to make this arrangement. Puri, halava, kitri---whatever can be arranged as much as possible. Tamala Krishna and Giriraja have all the ideas. Some professional men should be engaged 24 hours preparing prasadam. There are many volunteer organizations in Calcutta. They should come forward and help us distribute prasadam.

You are taking in so much money for this event. That is very good. Also you should save some money for the building account. I have already sent my passport and I understand that the new passport is ready for dispatching. So I hope you have dispatched it yesterday.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
