---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 19, 1971",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — April 19, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — April 19, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Tamala Krsna ======

<card class="letter">
Calcutta

My dear Tamala Krsna,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 15.4.71, and noted the contents carefully. It appears that Calcutta activities are going on very nicely and I am so glad to learn that you are all going to Mayapur on the 23rd instant, along with Mr. Virendra Das (the lawyer) and Acyutananda Maharaja. I have already written to Mr. Sarkar to see you in this connection and I hope everything is going orderly. I have already sent you one check for Rs. 8,300 and I hope you have received it by this time and done the needful. The next check will be sent as soon as I hear from you that the first check was received.

I have sent my passport by registered, insured mail. Kindly let me know whether you have picked up the new passport in exchange for this old one. The old passport may not be delivered to them, but it may be taken back with the word "CANCELLED". Yes, after purchasing the land in Mayapur, we will purchase a house in Calcutta if there is sufficient funds. I am very glad that "Bhagavata Dharma Discourses" activities in Calcutta are going on nicely and it is very encouraging that in one day you have collected checks, etc. for Rs. 8,000 from prospective sympathizers. The Remington House, as suggested by you is not good for our purpose, because it is in the midst of downtown office quarter. Office quarter neighborhood becomes vacant after office hours and besides that, I have seen that Remington House previously when I was in Calcutta and it is not good for our purpose. I think that Mohta house is the best for our purpose. Mr. Mohta's son came to see me and I have asked him to draw the draft of sales agreement. Most probably, he will be coming tomorrow or the day after and when he comes, I shall talk with him. It is understood that he goes to Calcutta and comes back two or three times in a week, so there is no difficulty in this negotiation.

As requested by you, I have arranged to send Gurudasa as soon as possible. It is understood that our devotees have got some difficulty in the matter of extensions of visas. Now you can consult our lawyer friends that I want my foreign disciples to remain here to assist me in my activities of Sankirtana Movement, so whether the Government can ask them to go away? Our Society is registered, our activities are bona fide, I am a preacher and if I maintain my disciples and assistants properly, how can the Government ask them to go? Please consult about this legal implication and if they are refused to stay in India, by visa, I wish to take legal action in this connection.

I am advising the bank to change the name of my Book Fund from "A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Book Fund" to "International Society for Krishna Consciousness Book Fund". Kindly, therefore, regularly transfer by mail all collection of membership fees 50% to the Building Fund and 50% to the Book Fund. Similarly advise Gorakhpur also to do the same.

Yes, if the Birla Dharmasala at Mayapur can be had for some time, I can go there personally to stay and see our Mayapur activities, how they are going on nicely. I shall be glad to hear from you in this connection.

Thanking you once more, I am,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:ds
</card>