---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — May 19, 1971",
    "h1":"Jadurani — May 19, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — May 19, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jadurani ======

My dear Jadurani,

Please accept my blessings and offer the same to the other artists. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 8th May, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far as your questions are concerned, they are as follows: The demigods mentioned by you appear just like man, but very beautiful and very nice features also. They are having fair complexion with golden hue. Golden means milk mixed with a tint of reddish color or yellowish color. Lord Siva has two arms; Garuda is yellow in color; Kapiladev looks like a human being, as does Kalki. Kalki is bluish. Matsya is a full fish, bluish in color. Kurma is tortoise color.

When Arjuna left his family connections, he went to the Himalayas. The picture may be shown of Arjuna going step by step to the Himalayas; Yes, occasionally devotees may be pictured with full head of hair instead of sikha. You should use your own discretion; the garb can be Vedic or "American." There is no harm. Dress has nothing to do with the soul; Foods in the mode of passion are those that are very rich, such as kachori, halava, rasgulah, etc. They are also foods too much spicy. All this is described there in Bhagavad-gita.

Vidura looks like a human being; "self-same body" means looking like material body. Any devotee always is in a spiritual body although it may appear material; Smoke is smoke; When Krishna says unto me, he means unto "me." So he should not be pictured with Radharani,* Why a snake? Being entangled in the qualities of material nature is very subtle, so why a snake?

I am so glad to hear that the devotees are appreciating that everything belongs to Krishna. That attitude is very nice and should be maintained. Actually it is a fact. By illusion only we think things belong to someone else. And if the painters are new, certainly they should be given instruction. They should be helped in every way.

Yes, do not take too much foodstuffs; take so that no remnants are left. Immediately after, the dishes should be washed, or paper dishes thrown away. But do not throw away prasadam. Better to take a little less than to have leftover for saving. That is not good.

So from the very beginning you have had very good service---this painting. So do it continually and to your best discretion. That is your approved service.

*Vasudeva, Alone

[PAGE MISSING]
