---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 25, 1971",
    "h1":"Giriraja — July 25, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 25, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Giriraja ======

Calcutta

My dear Giriraja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 14th July, 1971 and have noted the contents carefully. So far the Mayapur program is concerned, I received one telegram from Tamala Krishna that the date for the program has been postponed and I replied by cable that it is all right, but still this is a little disappointing. Anyway, let us hope for better things in the future.

I am so glad to hear that you have acquired the flat on the other side of the upper floor at 3, Albert Road and that now there are ample facilities. We are arranging to send 60 devotees from different centers to India and I have written one letter to Sumati Morarji. Madhudvisa Maharaja is taking care of that. So I am very glad that you have accommodations for all the devotees in Calcutta.

Your word of assurance that in two years time you will be able to collect 25 lakhs is very encouraging and I am sure that you will be able to do it. Krishna has given you the intelligence. But I am surprised that only Revatinandana Maharaja is helping you. Why not others? There must be at least two parties to collect funds. Is Tamala Krishna that busy? He can form another party also. That will be very nice.

This coupon idea is very welcome. You can write one line on the coupon that please come and dine with us on Sundays. Like that. Thus it becomes an invitation and they will be pleased.

I am glad to hear that Mr. Bajoria and Tarun Kanti Ghosh, as well as others, are coming regularly. Receive them very nicely. They are important men and if they are sympathetic, they can do tremendous help. T.K. Ghosh, when I first met him at Ballyganj, he ordered for all the books, so you can remind him and make him our life member.

You can tell Tamala that in Bombay, the book fund deposit is in the name of International Society for Krishna Consciousness. The account no. is __14876,__ in Gowalia Tank branch of Central Bank of India. So you can directly transfer book fund money to Bombay by mail transfer.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
