---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — August 22, 1971",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — August 22, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — August 22, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

New Vrindaban

My dear Kirtanananda Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 16th August, 1971 as well as your kind contribution of $100.00 check and I thank you very much for the same. I am so glad to hear how Janmastami and Vyasa Puja were celebrated so successfully there in New Vrindaban and devotees were coming from all the centers. We had a nice program here in London also and many outsiders were coming.

I understand that during the festival Hayagriva Prabhu was not there. How is that? Where he is now? The index of Bhagavad Gita is very much delayed. Kindly ask him to send the complete index immediately for which the complete work is suffering.

I was sick for four or five days; now I am a little better but the disease is prolonging in a different way. I cannot sleep at night more than 2 hours and during the day sometimes I am feeling some dizziness. Otherwise everything is all right. I am chanting Hare Krishna as usual and writing my books regularly.

You have asked for some song translations and one is enclosed below. Others may be gotten from Dinesh who is presently in Israel.

Please offer my blessings to the others there. Hoping this will meet you all in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb

GAYA GAURACANDA MADHURSVARE

Lord Gauracanda is singing in sweet voice, singing very sweetly the Maha Mantra . . . He is asking every one, whether householder or in renounced order of life to chant always the Mahamantra . . . Either in distress or happiness never forget chanting this Mahamantra. Make this practice how to continue this chanting always. Gradually we are losing the duration of our life and if we don't take the opportunity of worshiping the Lord of the senses, Krishna, then we are simply wasting our time. Now we are fully conscious. Let us now chant loudly with the holy names of Radha Madhava. Being entrapped in the network of illusory maya, we are simply engaged in false duties. Therefore it is the good advice of Bhaktivinode Thakura that everyone should become mad after chanting the Mahamantra He is requesting everyone to do so.
