---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ekayani — August 31, 1971",
    "h1":"Ekayani — August 31, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Ekayani — August 31, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Ekayani ======

My dear Ekayani,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated 20th August, 1971 and have noted the contents. In spite of all your faults you will go to Vaikuntha because you are a great devotee. Don't create some abnormal condition. Please go back to your husband and live peacefully and execute Krishna Consciousness together. He will also not take sannyasa order out of frustration. You are an intelligent girl and an advanced student. You should know that our main business is Krishna Consciousness. So fighting between husband and wife is not to be taken very seriously. So if you have any respect for me, I request you not to quarrel with your husband. Live peacefully, chant Hare Krishna and try to serve the cause as best as possible. I am very glad that your mother is also taking interest in Krishna Consciousness. That is very good. As you have to leave Boston very soon it is better that you go immediately to N.Y. and live peacefully with your husband. That is my order. I hope you will not disobey me.

So far your questions: Any tune can be used. When it is in relationship with Krishna, that makes it bona fide; Some precautionary measure should be taken to keep bugs from the altar and Deity. You cannot allow them to disturb the Deity. Best is that you try and catch them and throw them out rather than kill them but if killing them is the only alternative, what can be done?; Tulasi plants are liberated souls who want to serve Krishna in that way. Anyone who even desires to serve Krishna is liberated, what to speak of one who is actually engaged in devotional service; expansion means remains in Goloka Vrindaban and at the same time expands all over the universe. Krishna can expand, so his devotee can also expand; Vallabhacaryas teachings are bona fide. This difference of opinion is there always. Just like you differ with your husband, but that doesn't mean that you and your husband are not devotees; In the spiritual sky there is no birth, so where is the question of baby? Krishna is there eternally as Kisora, a 16 year old youth. His childhood pastimes exhibited in the material universes. Best thing is if you chant Hare Krishna and go to Krishna Loka and find out the answers to all these questions yourself.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
