---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 9, 1971",
    "h1":"Karandhara — October 9, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 9, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Karandhara ======

My dear Karandhara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter post-dated 5th October, 1971 and have noted the contents. I am very glad to learn that Rayarama is going to join us again. He is always welcome. So when he goes to N.Y. he may write to me. Then I shall let him know where to go in India. For the time being, from here I am going to Bombay and then Calcutta and then Delhi. In this way they have got several programs in India. So on hearing from Rayarama at my Bombay address I shall give him direction where to come.

If you think it is wise to purchase that house you can give the loan of $15,000 from the amount of $33,000 advanced to BTG a/c. But one thing is that these amounts are especially kept to meet emergency credit with Dai Nippon because twice I paid them at the rate of $20,000, to meet their immediate demand. So our credit is maintained with them. So this $15,000 loan to the Dallas school scheme must be returned very quickly because it is emergency fund. If it becomes blocked on account of purchasing property then I do not think this money should be invested in that way. So if you consider that this money will be returned as soon as possible, not later than six months, then I allow you to give them the loan.

So far marriages are concerned, just use your discretion but be sure that marriage does not become a farce. It must be serious. So far age is considered, generally the girl should not be older than the boy but in special case you can use your discrimination. Sometimes it so happens that the girl is older than the boy. In India also sometimes it so happens that the girl is older than the boy in some provinces. So you can use your discrimination and do the needful.

I am in due receipt of your statement of account and similarly every branch of our society should make a periodical trial balance and balance sheet. You can advise to all the branches that such accounts should be kept very nicely so that the public may know that we are very clear in our dealings.

Regarding printing our books and literatures, I may inform you in this connection that I saw one bulletin of "Indian Railways" in which it was specifically advised that every railway servant should see to it that the wheels of the carriages or vehicles must be moving always, which means that the railway is going nicely. Similarly all of us should see that our literatures are profusely distributed. That means that our missionary work is going on nicely. Otherwise we are simply sleeping and eating. The literature we have already designated as brihat mrdanga. So distribution of literature means great Sankirtana.

Our program here in Nairobi is going on very successfully. Just the other day we had a most successful engagement at the University of Nairobi and preaching and Sankirtana is going on daily. The Africans are eagerly taking part and very anxious to join us also.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
