---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 16, 1971",
    "h1":"Karandhara — October 16, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 16, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Karandhara ======

My dear Karandhara,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your telegram reading as follows: SUGGEST THAT WE PUBLISH SIMULTANEOUSLY ALONG WITH THE TEN THOUSAND MOROCCO BOUND GITAS TEN THOUSAND PAPERBACK EDITIONS FOR LOWER PRICE RANGE CONSUMER MARKET AND FIVE THOUSAND HARDCOVER GITAS FOR LIBRARIES LETTER TO FOLLOW.; I fully approve of this suggestion.

From Delhi Tamala Krishna has written that they want to get "Hare Krishna" and "Govindam" 45 rpm records impressed in Calcutta but the charge is exorbitant. So if you will kindly take immediately quotation from L.A. because there are many companies which imprint records, so we can print 10,000 copies. What will be the charges?

I am going to Bombay on the 19th night reaching there on the 20th morning at 8:15. So you can reply this letter to the Bombay address.

Another point is that I have advised Nairobi center and so we have already registered the society in the companies act and we have got a post box number also, as given above and we have our bank account also. We are getting membership fees very encouragingly. If they work hard then at least they can get one member daily, and besides that they are collecting nicely on the street Sankirtana. So I have proposed that 50% of the membership fee may be sent directly to Dai Nippon and 75% of the direct sales collection may also be directly sent, and that they get the books on consignment, or without paying on delivery. The idea is that 50% of the membership collection as it is already settled up should go to the book fund, so they will directly remit, whereas direct sales of books, 75% to the book fund and 25% they keep for expenditure. So how do you like this idea? Besides that whether you would like them to send money directly to Dai Nippon or to you. I think if they send directly to Dai Nippon and send you a copy for your information, then you can keep accounts properly and the matter becomes simplified. So consider over these points and let me know your decision.

Please try to distribute our books very very widely in all languages. That will push our movement very rapidly. We are now preparing a book on philosophical discussions. Syamasundara is daily discussing with me the views of the different Western philosophers and we are studying them from the ISKCON point of view. This work is going on regularly and Aravinda is typing them regularly. So very soon a book will come out. When I go back to India I shall review all the Indian systems of philosophy also, from this angle of vision, so that this book will be very much interesting to the student class in the schools and the colleges. Try to encourage all our centers to go to the schools and colleges and introduce our philosophy, books and literatures. As soon as I see that you GBC members are managing everything very nicely I shall completely retire for writing my books only and I am thinking of staying in Mayapur for six months and in your camp, L.A., for six months. I hope in L.A. the Deity worship is going on very nicely; dress, flowers, ornaments, arati, cleanliness, foodstuffs, all of them must be regular, accompanied by kirtana, street sankirtana, distribution of literature, etc.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/adb
