---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — November 30, 1971",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — November 30, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — November 30, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of November 10, 1971, and have noted the contents carefully. I am currently in Vrindaban with a party of 40 devotees, and we are having daily __parikrama__ of the holy places. We shall return to Delhi tomorrow by coach. The officials and residents of Vrindaban have greeted us very nicely, and they are simply astounded to see our SKP chanting with great jubilation through the city streets. The Mayor has publicly proclaimed that I have done something wonderful, and practically speaking, they realize that before I went to the western countries no one there knew about Vrindaban. Now hundreds of visitors and hippies from your country come here to see Krishna's place. The Vrindaban devotees have understood that Vrindaban is now world-famous due to my preaching work, so they are all very much appreciating their hometown Swamiji.

So far the posters for temple altars, if you have got extra money you can print the posters. But I am against the policy of our ISKCON Press charging exorbitant prices for books and other things which they sell to the temples. Our policy should be cost price, or if a little more (10% above cost) is required for other expenses, that may be added. But it is not that we are in business to make profit from each other. With the public, that is a different thing. But our real business is to spread Krishna Consciousness, and for that our centers require so many things like books, tapes, photos, like that---and these should be freely exchanged between the temples to be utilized nicely in preaching work, without profit-making.

As far as __Bhagavad-gita__ is concerned, I do not know why it is delayed. For the last three years you've been saying __Bhagavad-gita__ is going to be printed and the last deadline was given by Advaita that it would be printed by the 1st October, 1971. Unfortunately, nothing has been done by now. Now it is December, 1971. If for printing one book it takes so much time I do not know how the other 60 books will be printed. I am very much depressed. The MacMillan Company simply wants to consider their business point of view. But we have to print our books just to present to the world. Please therefore have Dai Nippon print the books immediately, without any consideration by MacMillan Co.---promotion or no promotion. If by this time they have agreed to print the book from their side it is all right. Otherwise ask Dai Nippon to print immediately without delay.

The photography exhibit for Delhi pandal arrived, but the exorbitant price of $240 plus shipping costs was too much for 70 photos, so I have advised them to pay only the actual cost price as will be determined by Gurudasa. I have seen the photo price list from Uddhava and the prices quoted are very high. He is simply taking advantage of our devotees' sentiment to make money, and this is not a very good position.

There is no limit to expanding---you talk of expanding---we have to invest more and more to remain modern by purchasing machines, etc. But if the machines we have cannot even be utilized properly, then what is the use of expanding? I want that all of these big plans should be realized, and there will be no end to the resources Krishna will provide, but first there must be good management. Who will manage? But I have no objection if you can develop the Press by making outside profit with commercial work and investing---that is all right.

I hope this meets you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
