---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hiranyagarbha — November 22, 1971",
    "h1":"Hiranyagarbha — November 22, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Hiranyagarbha — November 22, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Hiranyagarbha ======

My dear Hiranyagarbha das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of November 7, 1971, and I am very pleased to note that we have now got our center in Ottawa, Canada. I understand that Ottawa is the seat of government and a very important place. A few days back, the Canadian High Commissioner to India, Mr. James George, came to our festival which we are holding every night for two weeks in the central square of Delhi as the special Guest for that night. He garlanded me and spoke many nice words about our Movement, which he has observed for some time in Montreal and Boston. He is very favorable to our Movement. It appears that more and more the gentleman class of men in your country is respecting this Krishna Consciousness Movement, so you should approach them one by one and convince them very tactfully to help us.

A man is known by his notions and by his words. But sometimes it may appear that he is doing something, but he may be thinking something else. So a man is really known when he speaks, then everything is revealed. So if this Mayavadi sannyasi does not speak, then he can fool everyone. But if you force him to speak he will expose himself, therefore he is silent. Even he remains silent, we shall speak very loudly and expose these bogus men. Let our philosophy be challenged by anyone and we shall defeat them. I want that you distribute our books very widely, as many as possible, then people will get the right information. We show people by the results: so many centers, happy devotees, big books, strong conviction---like that. Let people judge who is better by the results.

As far as your marriage, I have no objection if you marry in a civil wedding, but so far a Krishna Consciousness wedding, there is no question until the girl has been initiated.

I hope this meets you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
