---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — December 8, 1971",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — December 8, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — December 8, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge your letters dated October 13, 1971, duly forwarded from Africa and Calcutta, and November 29, 1971, and I have noted the contents. I am pleased that you want to improve your speaking of German language for preaching and for translating books. That is very good proposal. Actually, we have no need to study very hard to learn any language, but if you simply begin to preach with what you know, gradually you will improve more and more. That is how I improved in English language, by translating __Srimad-Bhagavatam__ and preaching in USA. If Mandali Bhadra is having difficulty, try to arrange things in such a way that he and his wife will be satisfied and let him translate books full-time. If it is necessary or helpful for him to go to New York I have no objection, but this you must discuss with GBC men and Press.

So far your Central European Account, I don't think there is any advantage. It simply means more complication. Best thing is if each Temple transfers money regularly to Karandhara and sends you copies of the transfer receipt. If French money is changed to German money and then again to USA dollars, we lose some commission each time. But if French money is exchanged directly for dollars by Karandhara, there is less percentage of loss. What do you think?

I am very glad that your financial problems are being relieved by Krishna. Krishna's Nature is like that, free from all anxieties, so as we become more and more Krishna Conscious we share that sublime Nature and become relieved. So this is a good sign that you are advancing nicely in pleasing Krishna as He is giving you more and more relief from material problems. Now if you like you may begin incense oil business, I have no objection. But it must be operated very nicely, and not that it should become our big activity. Our big activity is to distribute books and KC Movement in general. But if there is need for money and you can run this business without interfering in our routine work, then I have no objection. You may get good advice from Karandhara and others who have become expert in incense business.

Due to war in India, our programs here have been reduced, and there is every night black-out, so our future plans here are not settled up at present. I hope this meets you and your good wife, Himavati dasi, in strong health and pleasant mood,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

n.b. One boy from Berlin Temple, Bidhan Candra das, has written me on 12th Oct., 1971, requesting if he can go to Amsterdam center for translating from English to Dutch. He is also wanting to live outside the temple. I have no objection, but it is up to you to advise him on these points. Kindly do so.\\
ACBS/sda
