---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Mohanananda — December 6, 1971",
    "h1":"Mohanananda — December 6, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Mohanananda — December 6, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Mohanananda ======

My dear Mohanananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge your letter of November 16, 1971, and I am very pleased to note that all activities of the Dallas, Texas, center are going on nicely under your supervision. You are a very nice boy, so I think Krishna has given you His special favor to serve Him as a responsible officer in His Movement. Now you shall have to become very serious and convinced yourself in order to manage others, and this will force you to become Krishna Conscious.

So far your land project in Linden, Texas, you may call it New Naimisaranya, as you wish. Naimisaranya is a place where great sages and saints gather to hear Srimad-Bhagavatam, so our program there should be the same as everywhere, have our temple and call neighboring persons to hear, especially from Srimad-Bhagavatam. Distribute our books to them, prasadam, like that. Our program is the same everywhere, chanting, dancing, and feasting on Krishna prasadam. As soon as we get some opportunity, no matter Texas or China, we contaminate the place with Krishna, that's all. It is a good idea that you propose to hold a very nice Bhagavata Festival to inaugurate New Naimisaranya. Do it very nicely, and invite all of the citizens from Dallas city and the surrounding area, especially the younger class, and read and lecture very palatably from Srimad-Bhagavatam, and in every way demonstrate to them the ideal Krishna Conscious community. A little land, some cows, enough. Balance of time chant Hare Krishna and be happy.

I shall be happy to come there and give instructions for training children. But when I shall come is not yet settled up. Perhaps from Los Angeles I can come there. I am returning to Los Angeles from India, perhaps by late Spring next year.

I have no objection if you install marble Radha-Krishna deities. They may be ordered from Yamuna devi in Delhi, she has got some arrangement for very nice murtis from Jaipur. If they are packed very tightly in cotton, they will not break. One thing: Our standard of deity worship must be kept very high. Los Angeles is the standard, so you must make arrangements like that as far as possible.

Regarding your question on the creation, Mahavisnu is lying in the causal ocean and while He is breathing the universes are coming out like small seeds. And when they come into contact with the causal ocean they develop. Then the same Mahavisnu enters into each universe and again he lies down in the Garbha Ocean within each universe. From this Garbha ocean lying down, a lotus stem grows from His navel and Lord Brahma is born. Brahma creates all other things. Lord Siva is born from Brahma and He is reserved for dissolving everything. These things are all described in the 2nd Canto of Srimad-Bhagavatam.

To answer your other question, after Brahma was born He created some sons to increase the population. They were all created by Brahma and distributed. Prajapata means generator, Sambhu is Siva, Durga is the material energy. Just like in the Krishna Consciousness Movement, the boys are my sons and the girls are my daughters, and I say to them, take this boy, take this girl. So Brahma arranges like that.

Regarding the 24 expansions of Godhead, actually they have no function, nothing to do. Because He is the Supreme Enjoyer, Krishna comes sometimes in different ways just to enjoy different aspects. If you have further questions, do not hesitate to ask your older godbrothers and sisters or GBC man, but if they cannot answer then I shall be glad to answer.

I hope this will meet you in good health and cheerful mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
