---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 26, 1971",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — December 26, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — December 26, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayapataka ======

My dear Jayapataka Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 20th and have noted the contents carefully.

Regarding the purchasing of land in Mayapur, specifically the two round shaped plots of 14 bighas, we can purchase them, but we cannot pay Rs. 1400/- per bigha. This was the price if we were to only purchase two bighas. For fourteen bighas you may offer him 1000/- Rupees per bigha and if he is not agreeable then you can work up to 1200/- Rupees per bigha, but no more. If we get this land it is not adjacent to the land we already have, so is there any chance of getting the land in-between at the same price?

Now that the war is ended there should be no difficulty in our devotees being in Mayapur. So at least six of our men should live there immediately. The Appearance Day of Lord Caitanya is only two months away, so preparations must be begun at once.

Regarding my yellow fever shot certificate, the hospital is somewhere on Hastings; most probably it is called Seaman's Hospital and it is somewhere in front of Victoria Memorial monument. Acyutananda knows definitely.

The schedule to be followed in worshiping the Deity is as follows. Morning Aratik may be performed at 4:30 until 5 am. Then immediately following the Deity room should be washed clean and the dirty utensils removed. Then everyone can chant before the Deity until 6:30. The Deity should then be bathed and dressed and fresh flowers put. It should not take longer than one hour to bathe and dress the Deity if one actually knows how it is done. But it may take longer so you may offer the bhoga at 8:00. The idea of bathing the Deity after offering bhoga is not correct. So please follow this schedule as I have advised.

As soon as the definite price is agreed on the land, upon your advice, the amount required for the purchase will be sent to you by bank transfer.

Have Bhavananda and Nara Narayana arrived yet?

Hoping you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. How is Devananda Maharaja. Does he like to come here. I have arranged for Aravinda's going home after his sickness.\\
ACBS:tkd
