---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rsabhadeva — December 28, 1971",
    "h1":"Rsabhadeva — December 28, 1971",
    "title":"Letter to: Rsabhadeva — December 28, 1971",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rsabhadeva ======

Laguna Beach

My dear Rsabhadeva,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of December 7, 1971, along with letters from the four persons requesting initiation. Upon your recommendation, I have consented to accept all of them as my duly initiated disciples, and I am replying them below. I am very pleased to learn from you that all programs are going nicely there in Laguna Beach center under your supervision. Especially I am glad that you are infiltrating the schools and colleges. These are our most important customers for KC, because they are inquisitive and serious to learn. So continue in this way giving them all opportunity to get the real education and knowledge or Krishna Consciousness.

So far the action taken by city officials, it is not good to disturb them unduly or cause unwanted agitation or anger with such people. They are demons so they will not change. Civil disobedience movement can be led by Lord Caitanya, but we are not so strongly organized and influential to be able to perform successfully such civil disobedience movement. It is good if the newspapers take our side and public opinion is against the authorities viewpoint, but it will be better if we use all goodwill and tact to avoid such violent confrontation in public and simply take another place with required parking space. Regarding your question about deities, what is the use of such temple if nonresidents cannot come? For ourselves, we do not require temple for serving Krishna. But, because the public must have a comfortable place to sit down and chant Hare Krishna, therefore we get a nice house, install deity, decorate nicely and invite everyone. So if no one can come due to law, I do not think you should keep such place. Better to find a more suitable place, then install Lord Jagannatha. Consult Karandhara in this matter.

I am pleased to hear that Ksudi's mother is attending regularly. She is a very nice lady, so give her all facility to advance nicely in Krishna Consciousness.

I am also encouraged to hear that you are distributing many of our books and magazines. Continue to increase this activity, as I consider it the most important preaching work.

Hoping this will meet you in good health and cheerful mood,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
