---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hanuman, Amogha — January 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Hanuman, Amogha — January 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Hanuman, Amogha — January 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hanuman, Amogha ======

<card class="letter">
Djakarta, Indonesia

My dear Hanuman and Amogha,

Please accept my blessings. I have only just now received your letter dated October 19th, 1971, which was forwarded to me from Calcutta.

You are the real representatives of Lord Caitanya. Without caring for any stable home, without any thought of personal gain, you are travelling distributing Krishna Consciousness everywhere you go. I am very grateful to you both for assisting me so energetically. And I pray to Krishna that you both live for at least 100 years so that you may spread Krishna consciousness to the full extent.

I have read the translation of the pamphlet published for distribution in Djakarta. It is very nicely done. And I have also appreciated the photos showing you distributing Prasadam and performing Kirtana. Southeast Asia is a very good field for our activities, so you should continue vigorously in the same way you have been. So far your request for a couple to come and teach school in Djakarta, from here in India there are no available men as we have got the very big tasks of developing Mayapur and Vrindaban. Best thing will be that you write to Bali Mardan in New York and ask him that he should arrange for a mature householder couple to come from the U.S. Since the principal is offering kindly this chance to us, we must take it, so please inform Bali Mardan that someone should go.

In the meantime, I am sending three devotees to open a temple in New Zealand, and I have instructed them to go by way of Malaysia and Indonesia and that they should preach along the way. So if you have fixed up your program you can inform Tusta Krishna Prabhu here in Bombay and it may be that you can meet each other and preach together, in Indonesia or Malaysia while they are on their way to New Zealand. I expect to be going to Hong Kong by the first week of March, and from there to Australia and perhaps New Zealand. Then I will go to Tokyo, Hawaii and return to the U.S.

Now I will be staying in Bombay for this month, so you may send the daksina to me here. I will post the beads and new spiritual name for Mark Coira, in a few days.

Again I thank you both for helping to spread this Krishna Consciousness Movement. May Krishna bless you. I hope you are well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:tkd
</card>