---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Visvanatha Babu — January 3, 1972",
    "h1":"Visvanatha Babu — January 3, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Visvanatha Babu — January 3, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Visvanatha Babu ======

Sri Visvanatha Das\\
Chief Minister of Orissa,\\
Bhuvaneśvara\\
__Personal__

My dear Visvanatha Babu,

Kindly accept my greetings. Since I met you last at Radha Damodara Temple Vrindaban sometimes in 1963-64, I left India for preaching the message of Lord Caitanya abroad in U.S.A., I could not meet you but always think of you how much you love to hear Sankirtana. At present I have established 70 centers all over the world and if by chance you go to Europe, America, Australia, Canada, Japan, Africa, etc. where I have got many thousands of disciples in all those continents, I invite you to visit my temples, a list of which is enclosed herewith. I have five branches in India also; and in Bombay at present I am staying at my above temple. You will be glad to know that I am introducing Rathayatra and other important Vaisnava festivals in Europe and America and probably it is known to you that in San Francisco, California and in London we are having the festivals in grand scale for the last five years continually. Every year the local people are taking more and more interest and I am enclosing herewith a pamphlet in this connection which I hope you will read with interest.

At present I am here in India till the time of Lord Caitanya's birthday and then I shall again return to the United States or a South East Asian countries.

If you so desire I can go to Bhuvaneśvara for holding Sankirtana festivals along with my foreign students maximum for ten days continually as we have already held in other large cities like Calcutta, Bombay, Delhi, Allahabad, etc. We last held this festival in Delhi in Connaught Place from 12th November to 21st November and it was very, very successful as you may know it from the newspapers.

Recently I had been in Vrindaban and the whole Vrindaban city appreciated my service in the foreign countries. Both the Municipality Chairman officially as well as the Vrajavasi public gave me address of welcome in great meetings. But I had some difficulty in staying in my rooms at Radha Damodara Temple. They want me to go away and are now picking up some quarrel with me to get me out of my possession. A copy of a registered letter from one of the Sevaits Madan Mohan Goswami is enclosed and he has already taken possession in my absence of the verandah of my entrance door. You know very well and all residents of Vrindaban know it that my residence is there at Radha Damodara Temple but they are now trying to get me out, although I am paying the rent regularly and there is some advance payment also.

Will you kindly ask the local District Magistrate to give me protection in this connection? When you visited two or three times Radha Damodara Temple as Governor of U.P. at my request, at that time Mr. Tewary was the District Magistrate but I don't know if he is still there. Anyway kindly help me in this connection and oblige. Copy of the recent letter received from Madan Mohan Goswami is enclosed herewith.

Hope this will meet you in good health and awaiting your early reply and thanking you in anticipation.

Yours faithfully,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:tkd
