---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ajita — January 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Ajita — January 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Ajita — January 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Ajita ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Ajita,

Please accept my blessing. I am in due receipt of your letter from Sydney dated December 24, 1971, and I am very, very happy to note that you want to go back to your native place of Sweden, along with your good wife and some other Swedish boys, devotees, from Germany and other places, for opening our center there. That is a very good proposal. I think Krsna das tried to start something before in Stockholm, but he could not do anything. His wife is Swedish girl, and she has got two sisters who are also our disciples in London, so you may correspond with them whether they can assist you in some way. I think Vegavan is there also in Australia, he is also Swedish boy, whether he can assist you as well?

If you go there through India, overland, of course that will be cheaper for you, but it will also be a very, very difficult journey with many unfortunate or disturbing incidents. There may be chance for becoming sick also, or you may be sometimes robbed or cheated, like that. It will not be very pleasant thing. I think once before Hansadutta and Himavati had gone to Europe from India that way, and they were telling me how much difficulty they had. Besides that, you will be taking so much time, I think at least one month, so why not utilize the time better for preaching work? So you are both young and adventurous, that I can appreciate, and you have got the energy for it, and you may go there in that way, I have no objection, but if you collect money in Australia, that is a rich country, I think there must be some charter flights or cheap airline flights from Australia to London, why not go to Europe the easy way and save time? Anyway I am coming to Australia by 1st of February, so we may discuss it further when I shall come there. Or if you have got plans for immediately going to Sweden, then you may go, I shall be very happy if you will open one center there on behalf of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu. Thank you for desiring to help me in this way.

Hoping this finds you in good health.,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>