---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sucandra — January 11, 1972",
    "h1":"Sucandra — January 11, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Sucandra — January 11, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sucandra ======

<card class="letter">
My dear Sucandra,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter of December 25, 1971, and I am very pleased to note that you have got a nice place in the central part of Munich city and that a good response has been found by you there. When we become fully engaged in serving Krishna by preaching His message, especially by opening centers in places where there is not much previous knowledge about Krishna Consciousness, then our all anxieties disappear and we feel ourselves really happy. This is the highest type of devotional activity, this preaching work. So I am very glad that you are working in this way, and I think that you will find no impediments to advancing yourself very rapidly in spiritual life.

Since you are now leader, therefore Krishna is forcing you to become very responsible and advanced devotee. This is Krishna's special favor upon you. So now you must see that all boys and girls who come to the temple are given all facility to perfect their lives in KC, and you must give them good advice and instruction. You must be the perfect example of KC devotee. How is that? Follow the regulative principles very diligently, maintain the highest level of standard in routine work such as rising early, cleansing, chanting, temple worship, street sankirtana, etc., always keep the devotees satisfied, like that. If your preaching work is strong, automatically management will be easy. And preaching work is strong if our routine work is strong. Never neglect our regular program and that will be your success.

Now I want that our books and magazines in German language be printed profusely and distributed all over Germany, so if you cooperate with Hansadutta and Krishna das to do this very nicely, I think that will be your great credit. If these books are introduced among the student class they will have powerful effect. So become yourself very convinced of our Krishna philosophy and introduce it into the schools and colleges, as I think the German people are very much fond of philosophy.

Somehow or other, because I have got some good assistants like yourself, this Hare Krishna Movement is having a little success all over the world. Thank you very much for helping me in this way.

I hope this will meet you in good health. I shall be glad to name your child when it is born.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
</card>