---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Amogha — February 15, 1972",
    "h1":"Amogha — February 15, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Amogha — February 15, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Amogha ======

My dear Amogha,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated January 14 and January 24, 1972, and your telegram requesting marriage. I have no objection, and you have my blessings. Actually, most of my best managers are grhasthas, because they have a natural propensity to manage, so if you have got that also, and if you think together you and your wife can open a very nice center there in Djakarta and serve Krishna together nicely, and if your other godbrothers are recommending, then why not marry that girl. But one thing is that you shall have to be from now on fully responsible for protecting her and giving her Krishna Consciousness, and there shall never be any separation, that is our condition. So if you are willing to follow this condition, I have no objection.

So far Bali Mardan is concerned, I think he is presently managing our ISKCON Press, but I have asked for the GBC to review the position of our Press, and the question of managing the Far East Zone may be also settled by them at that time. For the time being, since there is no one there to supervise as GBC, you may address your questions to Karandhara in Los Angeles and he will advise you.

I am very glad to hear that my books are being translated into Indonesian language, and I shall be glad to receive from you the sample copy. Two of my very nice students, Tusta Krishna Das and his wife, Tulsi Krishna dasi, who have been with me in India or some time, are on their way to New Zealand to open a center and they may be stopping there to give you assistance for awhile, so you may please expect them.

Now I have just got a complaint, both in writing and in person, from a man studying here in Madras who is supposed to be engaged to marry a young girl by name of A. Satyabama, who lives at #8A Krishnan Temple, Taiping, Malaysia. He complains that you and others of our devotees in Malaysia have somehow or other caused some disturbance in the girl's family, especially Hanuman, and has requested me to ask you to not interfere in the matter anymore. Now I do not do not know what are the details, but you may inform me. We must be very careful to avoid anything scandalous in our dealings, and always keep to the highest standards of respect and courtesy. So kindly deal with such matters in future with great caution and tactfully so that our Movement may not get a bad reputation, especially among people who are very sensitive to such things. I know in your country the mixing between boys and girls is very ordinary thing, but in our Asian countries one must be very very careful about such matters, so kindly inform Hanuman and the others in this way.

We have just purchased a very large and beautiful plot in Bombay for building the first "Hare Krishna City," so I shall be staying in India about one month longer, that is, through end of March, but then I shall be going directly to Australia from Bombay, so if there is opportunity, I shall gladly stop for a visit in Djakarta. What do

[PAGE MISSING]
