---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Prajapati — February 25, 1972",
    "h1":"Prajapati — February 25, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Prajapati — February 25, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Prajapati ======

My dear Prajapati,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of January 28, 1972, along with the very nice book you have compiled "Prayers to Krishna." Actually, this book was so much enjoyed by me, and I think that you have done it perfectly and there is no need to make any changes. So today I have sent the book to Karandhara in Los Angeles and I have instructed his New Dvaraka Press to make the layout immediately and have the pictures painted very nicely just as you have drawn them, and to send the finished manuscript to Dai Nippon for printing 10,000 copies at once.

I have appreciated also the newsclipping from Boston "Globe," and I understand this is a very famous newspaper in your country.

Because your wife is fully trained as classical dancer, even she taught in such big university, so she can organize classical dancing to portray stories about Krishna and His Pastimes and that will be very nice proposal. Recently in Bombay we have held a benefit charity performance called "Hare Krishna Benefit" performed by the Javeri Sisters, a famous classical dancing group from Manipur. These dancers were depicting stories from Krishna's Pastimes, and the dancing was very nice. So this art of dancing, as any art, can be also employed in the service of glorifying the Supreme Lord. If she is expert dancer, your wife can organize a dancing group to depict very exquisitely stories from our __Krishna Book.__

As for your training in theology, if you simply present some of the popular western points of view of theology and then point by point you may defeat them or expose them as speculators who are simply misleading the innocent public, and that will be a very nice service, because when intelligent people begin to understand our philosophy and theology, that it is the Absolute Truth and that if anyone become Krishna Conscious, that is the highest perfection of understanding philosophy, then our Krishna Consciousness Movement will advance very quickly because everyone like the common people respect the opinions of intelligent scholars. So if you work in this way to convince the intelligent class of men, that will be very great service and also the proper use of your educational training. Thank you very much for helping me in this way.

Hoping this will meet you in good health and happy mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
