---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — February 22, 1972",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — February 22, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — February 22, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

Brooklyn

My dear Rupanuga,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated February 9, 1972, along with two copies of the MacMillan Co. contract. As per your instructions, I have initialled same, wherever your own initials have appeared. I noticed that on the carbon-copy contract you neglected to initial the last clause (b) of Section XX Special Provisions, although you had done so on the original copy. In addition, I have added the phrase to XII. Competitive Material as follows: "as well as the 48 pages of illustrations for which the Author reserves the right to publish for any purpose he may determine," as per your instructions in the letter to Syamasundara dated February 15, 1972. Also, because I received advanced royalties from MacMillan Co. for my first edition of __Bhagavad-gita As It Is__ of $1,000.00, and that was before they were convinced of our ability to sell books. So under I. Rights and Royalties, please note that I have added the clause "an advance of $2,000.00 against the Author's earnings under this agreement," duly initialled, which you will also please put your initials, as also to the addition to XII., and then I think you are signing on behalf of International Society for Krishna Consciousness, so when this is completed, and when the Vice-President of MacMillan Co. has also duly signed, then the thing is done, I am satisfied. But one thing, kindly request them to publish this important book with all haste at their disposal, taking advantage of our Japanese contacts, because there is so much worldwide demand for this books that I think 40,000 copies will be sold within a few months' time. Karandhara reports that practically 5 centers have distributed 8,000 __Krishna Books__ in only two months, so what to speak of such famous book as __Bhagavad-gita.__ And Karandhara may publish that picture-book __Bhagavad-gita__ with Dai Nippon right away, that will be very nice.

Upon your recommendation, I am glad to accept as my duly initiated disciples both of the girls you mention. I shall be sending their beads duly chanted by me under separate post, and also I shall be writing to them separately (please find enclosed). Also, I am including three sacred threads duly chanted herewith, so you may hold a fire yajna and give Gayatri mantra to Ravindra Svarupa, Brahmavitta, and Pancaratra, in the usual manner, with tape heard through the right ear. The fire yajna can be held for all five devotees.

You are waking up your new deities too early! Best time is between 4:30 and 5 am, with Mangala Aratik at 5 am. Although Krishna is the Master of Sleep, still, we must allow Him sufficient rest for herding cows all day and playing with His cowherd friends.

Regarding your question, this surrender to Supersoul is in the advanced stage of Krishna Consciousness. So long one is not advanced, he has to take information and direction from the representative of Supersoul or the Spiritual Master. The spiritual master is external manifestation of the Supersoul. Thus the Lord helps the living entity, helps both from inside & outside.

I am very, very pleased with your program to infiltrate the schools and colleges, especially by introducing our books and classes in Krishna Yoga. I say one thing, if you can somehow or other turn all of these students and hippies, or even a portion of them to Krishna Consciousness, then this Movement will sweep across the world and save it from the present-day precarious condition when everything has become so much degraded. If many of their student class take up this Movement, your country's government will help, and if they help, there is immense potency for spreading to all other places. Now you push very cool-headedly and tactfully on this program of reaching and convincing the student-class with our books and philosophy, and that will be your success of life and for that Krishna will very quickly reveal Himself to such sincere worker face-to-face, you may know it for certain.

You keep one copy of this contract with you, or if there is a third copy, you may send me also. On the whole I am very much pleased upon you for helping me in this way, now see it that the book is printed in very short order, they are one of the world's biggest companies, they can do it nicely, and also advertise. Our branches may help them advertise if they supply the materials and if they pay for helping us cooperatively advertise and promote this book very widely.

I am enclosing one picture which you may please pass on to the art department for panting it, or you may include it as it is in our new __Bhagavad-gita.__ It is very nice, the Krishna's face.

Hoping this will meet you in very good health and happy mood.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
