---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — March 5, 1972",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana — March 5, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — March 5, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bali-mardana ======

<card class="letter">
Brooklyn

My dear Bali Mardan,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated February 26, 1972, and I have received the small booklet __Transcendental Teachings of Prahlada Maharaja__ also. It is very nice, and it is just to the point for our ISKCON Press. You are very well suited to make endless numbers of this type of small booklet and I am very much pleased to understand how nicely you are doing it. Now if you are also able to increase our distribution at the same time, then this will be the success of our Krishna Consciousness Movement, to print and distribute profusely, side by side. We had got some indication from Karandhara Prabhu that there was some misunderstanding and things were not going too well between you both big leaders, that is why I was little concerned because such things should never be allowed to fructify within our Society, that will spoil everything. But I am glad to hear from you that because there was some misinformation that we had got the wrong impression, and actually that everything is progressing in a spirit of mutual cooperation in all respects. This is Krishna Consciousness. Working together to please the Supreme Personality of Godhead. Practically now it is in the hands of you big guns to manage everything so that there may never be internal difficulties amongst us, and so that we may always go on increasing more and more the influence of Lord Caitanya's philosophy of Sankirtana process upon all the world. That will be your great achievement, and if you go on helping me in this way, you may know it for certain that very soon you will see Krishna face-to-face. In short words, I am very much fond of these booklets, now go on increasing.

I am also pleased to hear that you have eliminated all the book debts from ISKCON Press. I am very much pleased that you are working so nicely. Now you and Karandhara, along with Hayagriva, Jayadvaita and others, you conjointly think how to double and again double our books supply, there is no limit in this respect.

I have duly received, signed, and returned the MacMillan Co. contract to Rupanuga. Has he got it? Also you were to send me a copy of the contract for distributing our other books by MacMillan Co. also. Now Pradyumna is with me, so he and Syamasundara conjointly they will everyday prepare my night's translation work, one transcribing by typing, one with sanskrit corrections and synonyms, and they shall dispatch regularly to you.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>