---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Patita Uddharana — March 25, 1972",
    "h1":"Patita Uddharana — March 25, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Patita Uddharana — March 25, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Patita Uddharana ======

Columbus, Ohio

My dear Patita Uddharana,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated December 26, 1971 and January 24, 1972 and I have noted the contents. I have received also the forward to Bhagavad-gita As It Is by Sriman Sampath H. Kumaran Hemmige and I have appreciated it very much, but I think there is already a forward. In any case, I shall send it along to Iskcon Press and they can decide how to use it. You may thank him very much for me.

Your suggestion to have a brahmacari asrama is alright, and you should train all these boys to become good preachers. So far installing new deities, I think it is best if you concentrate your energy on sankirtana and book distribution for now, and as your temple grows and facilities are there for very opulent deity worship, then this can be considered. I have made it a policy that there must be at least ten initiated brahmanas in a temple before deities are installed.

My Guru Maharaja said that this materialistic society is a society of cheaters and cheated. Because people want to be cheated, men such as you mention have become very popular. They are preaching all nonsense and the people are accepting them, but if someone wants to be cheated, what can be done? This Krishna consciousness is authorized, practical and simple and those who have enough intelligence will recognize this fact and will join with us. Our program is to simply chant Hare Krishna, follow the regulative principles, and preach this philosophy without any adulteration. If we stick to this policy, then by our good example, people will see the potency of this great movement.

I am in Bombay now and will be leaving for Australia in one week. After visiting Hong Kong, Japan, and Hawaii I will arrive in Los Angeles sometime near the end of April. Because I am travelling so much it is best not to send any checks through the mail. Better you send it to Karandhara in Los Angeles and he can put it in my book fund.

Hoping this meets you in good health. Please offer my blessings to all the others.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/nkd
