---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dayananda — April 26, 1972",
    "h1":"Dayananda — April 26, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Dayananda — April 26, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dayananda ======

My dear Dayananda,

letter dated April 16, 1972, and I have noted the contents with great pleasure. Yes, I am hoping that Lord Jagannatha may attract me to come to London this year. I shall be very glad to come there if He displays His opulence from that side so that I may be attracted by Him. Actually, I have just received invitation today from Harivilas prabhu inviting me to come to one Hare Krsna Festival in Paris around that time also, so I am considering very seriously. Especially if there is good prospect for getting that church at Oval Cricket Ground. I want that you should get that place immediately. You may get books, as many as possible, from Karandhar, at cost price and sell them profusely for as much price as you like and all profits above cost price you may use to buy the church. That is my plan. And when I come there I shall appeal to the Hindi community personally to help us buy this church. Now I am sending Kesava there to help you organize widespread distribution of books and traveling SKP, and he may stay for two months minimum, or at least until I leave there.

You may begin advertising that I will be there, and I shall speak to the Hindus at the Hindu Community Center on that night and make appeal to them to help us buy this church.

Mr. Sarna's daughters may be initiated. That is a good plan of Mr. Arnold to make a member's guild, just like I have made the life member program in India. This is the process of peaceful penetration. So far Pat Fitzgerald is concerned, try very hard to convince him of our philosophy and always be very nice to him and don't let the relationship dwindle in any way, and he may write to me if he likes. I shall be glad to hear what are his thoughts on Buddhist philosophy.

Hoping this will meet you and all the other nice devotees in good health and happy mood.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
