---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — April 18, 1972",
    "h1":"Ksirodakasayi — April 18, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — April 18, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Ksirodakasayi ======

Vrindaban

My dear Ksirodakasayi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated April 9, 1972, and I have noted the contents carefully, I am replying you on plane on my way to Tokyo; I should reach Hong Kong this evening, and tomorrow I shall start for Tokyo. Regarding plans of Vrindaban construction, I have advised the boy Saubha to send it to me in Tokyo for my approval, and from Tokyo I shall send it back to you. Giriraja has also informed me that the plans are completed and are very nice. You should correspond frequently with Giriraja in this matter.

Regarding BTG, my plan is this, that you shall simply translate from our English issues and reproduce the writing and insert it wherever there is writing in the English version. They have already got the plates in Japan, so you will not require to have any photos, simply translate into Hindi the English text and lay it out in exactly the same columns on the page. Every publication you translate should be done just like this. Now send immediately one composed BTG to Tokyo immediately and I shall get it begun.

I am very glad to hear that you are all happy in Vrindaban and that our Sankirtana party from Radha Damodara Temple to our new place is being appreciated. Please continue this. You have retired from material life and Krishna has given you the nicest place in this material world to live in, so stick there and every month send one BTG Hindi composition to Tokyo. Radha Raman Goswami is there with you so you work together and do this job nicely.

Yes, we can take care of Gopalaji along with our deities. But if she dictates something, then we cannot. She can give everything to us if she believes in us. Whether the property will have income at least Rs. 100/- monthly?

The Mahant of Nasik wants to keep some portion for his own use, so let him keep it all, we are no more interested. Go on paying Gauracandra Goswami Rs. 10/- per month and taking receipt, let him think whatever he wants.

Hope this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda\\
Begin the construction work before rainy season begins.
