---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — May 2, 1972",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — May 2, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — May 2, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Kirtanananda ======

Boston

My dear Kirtanananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 25 April, 1972, and I was expecting your check for a long time. I have been dreaming for a long time that you %%___%% send something but I didn't get. So now I am coming to Los Angeles by 20th May, and you must come there to meet me. You are the first sannyasi of my institution so I expect greater things from you than the others. Lord Krishna has given you the chance, so do this preaching work very nicely. He will continue to give us all opportunity if we remain sincere and serious.

Yes, that is a nice proposal if you speak like a learned scholar. Everything is there in our books; so learn it and put in your own way by reproducing. You are also materially well-educated so reproduce what I have taught in your own language. These things are new thoughts in your western countries, everyone will be interested. Writing is also required. Let it be published first in our BTG, then sometimes they may be printed into books also.

So far threads and beads, you were moving around, but so far I know everything was sent to Atlanta center but if someone has taken there, or if they were lost in mailing, I do not know. I am coming there soon, so we can adjust it then.

I shall not be able to come to your programs in early May as I am in Hawaii, but you are my representative, you can do it. I am very much pleased that you have got me also one bus for my travelling there. That was my ambition. Now you are all fulfilling all of the ambitions. At the present moment I take with me three assistants, so my books writing is going on, so that is not stopped by my travelling. So now I can go on touring and my writing will go on. So if we have got our own bus that will be very nice. I very much appreciate the photos you have sent, they should be published in our BTG. Sometimes after if you take a bus in India, it will be very very greatly appreciated.

My blessings to Visnujan, Silavati and all others. I am very much pleased with all these activities. This is carrying out the order of Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu. One thing, is prasadam being distributed profusely on this travelling party?

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
