---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhavananda — May 16, 1972",
    "h1":"Bhavananda — May 16, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhavananda — May 16, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bhavananda ======

Calcutta

My dear Bhavananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated May 9, 1972, and I have noted the contents. Last time when I was in India you told me that Lalita Prasad wanted to see me and according to his desire I saw him. And the proposal was accepted by him. Now it appears he has changed his mind so what can be done? For the time being, forget the transaction and later on we shall see. There is no haste.

Regarding Gitar Gan composition quotation, I do not know which heavenly press you have gone to take the quotation---it is simple cheating. Jayapataka took the quotation from one press, which quotation included printing, paper, everything, 10,000 books for Rs. 4,000. This rascal wants so much. It is simply joking. Anyway, I think you cannot find out, let Jayapataka find out. The composition charges should not be more than Rs. 250 for 100 pages, very small pages. You can attempt to get it composed by the linotype machine in Juganta Press, owned by Tarun Kanti Ghosh. If it is attempted, he may give it free. Simply for composing there is no problem. If it is printed on linotype it is always new type.

Why you have not mentioned Mayapur in your letter? Now the Building Fund is fixed up in Bombay, and all the Life Member collections and Building Fund collections must go there. Giriraja has written you one letter but you have not replied it. Life Member money cannot be spent for eating and sleeping. The landlord K. Prasad Singharoy has written me one letter complaining that there was a fight between our men and some outsiders, servant class men, and he says that it is disturbing to the whole area. Perhaps he's designing to eject us on these grounds. I shall be glad to hear from you what is the actual position.

Have Srimati and Malati gone there? If so, what are they doing there? They left Bombay on ground that they have not sufficient engagement, so if they have come to Calcutta, what engagement is allotted for them?

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ada
