---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — May 4, 1972",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — May 4, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — May 4, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

Vrindaban

My dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 4/24/72, and I have noted the contents with pleasure. The Life Member meeting in Delhi is very important, so do it nicely. Also, about 20 men have come from U.S. to Bombay, so I think some of them may come there to help you. You may request Giriraja to send four or five men to help you, I fully approve.

I have already written to Gargamuni, and he will not bother to become president. So combinedly you do everything nicely, he will supply money, but you can supply accounts and vouchers to Gargamuni for checking. Statements should be supplied regularly by you both, you both sign them, so he'll be encouraged to send you money.

Your description of the temple sounds well. My only idea is that it should be just like Govindaji's Temple, but with further improvements.

You are going to Kanpur, that is a good place, you can raise lakhs, many lakhs, for your Vrindaban scheme. Sighania himself can build. When I was in New York, Padampat Singhania promised me a temple in New York, but the government did not allow exchange. So he is a nice man, if you can convince him, simply he may require little attention, then he alone can build Vrindaban. Next to Calcutta and Bombay, Kanpur is the most important industrial center, so there are many rich men there, they require only some careful handling.

I have forgotten the name of our panda there, but he lives somewhere in Kisora Pura, you can find him there. Purusottama Brahmacari can inform you, he lives in Gopinatha Ghera.

Syamasundara has given instructions for making layout of Hindi BTG, as he has met with Dai Nippon today. Yamunamayi may help to make the layout.

Hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
