---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — May 26, 1972",
    "h1":"Ksirodakasayi — May 26, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Ksirodakasayi — May 26, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Ksirodakasayi ======

Dear Ksirodakasayi,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt your letter dated May 18th, 1972 and I have noted the contents very carefully. There is no difficulty to send all of the vouchers and receipts for materials to Bombay, so I want that you shall send all of them, never mind their amount.

Why it shall take so long to have one tube well made there? We must have water. Or erect a tank, just like in front of Vrndavana station. Water supply must be there sufficient. I do not think it will take very much time to dig one tube well, in Mayapur they have dug two tube wells very quickly. Some way or other before the rainy season begins all bricks must be purchased so they will be able to soak in the rainwater, just as in Mayapur.

So we have made friends with the Singhanias. Padmapat Singhania can alone construct the temple. He is a Vaisnava devotee of Lord Krishna and he wanted to construct one temple in New York but the government did not allow exchange. Guru dasa can go to see him and ask him to construct one temple on our behalf. He can tell him that he wanted to help us in New York, and in this way, very mildly, if he is canvassed he alone can construct the temple and we shall construct the residential portion. So far the temple design is concerned, in cooperation with these two gentlemen architects we can build in Vrndavana on a very grand scale. It is a new thing that American and European Vaisnavas will come to Vrndavana, so it is the duty of rich men like Singhania to construct something very nice for the foreigners so they will come and see. And if he is impressed with our kirtana then it will be very easy to convince him and many other rich men. In Kanpur also we can hold Hare Krishna festival. There is a big open field, it is called "Parade." There is a big park, "Mall Road," so any of these places a Hare Krishna festival can be held like Calcutta.

Regarding Hindi BTG, I have received one letter from Niranjana Prabhu in Benares and he is proposing to form a committee of yourself, Ramananda and himself, plus Guru das and others, for streamlining the Hindi BTG and book publication department. So you may correspond with him on this point. Also, there are some Hindi translators here in Los Angeles who are willing to send you regularly articles for Back To Godhead, so you may open correspondence with them also. They are named Vinode and Niranjana, husband and wife, and you may address them in care of Los Angeles temple. One thing, it is not good if we engage any professional translators, our own men must do the work. As soon as you receive payment for BTG's you may deposit immediately in the book fund account in Bombay and acknowledge to me. ISKCON Book Fund a/c is in Central Bank Gowalia Tank Branch, Bombay.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
