---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupa Vilasa (Robert McNaughton), Candrika (Carol McNaughton), Bhavatarini (Debbie Watt), Bhanutanya (Debra Wolin) — June 20, 1972",
    "h1":"Rupa Vilasa (Robert McNaughton), Candrika (Carol McNaughton), Bhavatarini (Debbie Watt), Bhanutanya (Debra Wolin) — June 20, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupa Vilasa (Robert McNaughton), Candrika (Carol McNaughton), Bhavatarini (Debbie Watt), Bhanutanya (Debra Wolin) — June 20, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupa Vilasa (Robert McNaughton), Candrika (Carol McNaughton), Bhavatarini (Debbie Watt), Bhanutanya (Debra Wolin) ======

My dear Son and Daughters,

Please accept my blessings. Upon the recommendation of Stoka Krsna I am glad to consent to accept all of you as my duly initiated disciples. Your beads have been chanted by me and they are sent under separate post. I have given you your spiritual names as follows:

Robert McNaughton/Rupa Vilas dasa Adhikari\\
Carol McNaughton/Chandrika devi dasi\\
Debbie Watt/Bhavatarani Devi dasi\\
Debra Wolin/Bhanutanya devi dasi

I am very glad to hear that all of you have been such a great help to Stoka Krsna there in our Dallas Gurukula and I can understand that all of you are very sincere boys and girls and quite eligible for going back to Home, back to Godhead. Now I very much appreciate your activities for conducting our school to the highest standard of Krishna Consciousness behavior, and I consider your work the most important in the society because you are shaping the future generation of our Krishna Consciousness preachers, and this is not any small thing. So I am depending very much upon you all to assist Lord Caitanya in fulfilling His mission for saving the human kind from very quickly gliding into hell.

Our process is very simple. Simply follow the regulative principles of devotional service, and if you stick to these principles with determination, then you will become free from all attachment to maya, by Krishna's Grace. The example is that when the sun is in the sky, there is no question of darkness. Similarly when Hare Krishna Mantra is vibrating on your tongue and you are hearing attentively, then your consciousness becomes clear or Krishna consciousness and there is no question of maya or hazy consciousness. Just as when the light and darkness come together, the darkness cannot stand before the light, so maya cannot remain in the presence of Krishna. Always remember therefore to chant Hare Krishna, at least 16 rounds daily, and that will save you in all circumstances without any doubt.

Hoping this will meet you all in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
