---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 30, 1972",
    "h1":"Giriraja — July 30, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 30, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Giriraja ======

My dear Giriraja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated July 19, 1972, and I have noted the contents. So far the Board of Trustees, you can add some men in Calcutta, Delhi---I think all of the big men in Calcutta are known to you, Birla, Bajoria, etc. It is nice that Mr. Nair is on the committee. He can keep the equitable mortgage, I have no objection. He can simply give us receipt, that's all. One thing is, we have sent you transfer for Rs. 70,000 and Rs. 29,000, so this has to be returned as far as possible.

I have got one letter from Gargamuni wherein he complains he is not getting cooperation from Bombay for his travelling party. He is doing very well, I am very much in favor that his work shall not be hindered, so kindly extend to him every facility, any small thing he requires you supply. And I have advised him also to please work nicely with you and let whatever is done be finished and go on progressively in a cooperative manner.

So far the school of Sumati Morarji, make the children into Vaisnavas through English medium of learning. We are not going to abide by the government schedule. They should be taught our books as soon as they can read and write. The idea is that those who will later on accept service, they cannot be accepted by us for schooling, we cannot help them. They must be the sons of rich and important men who will not be taking education simply to use it for eating and sleeping. They should be taught just to do like the elders, that is, rise early, cleanse, attend mangal arati, read our literatures, chant, go for sankirtana, like that, and besides that, a little ABC, mathematics, geography, history, that's all. And teach the small children to play Krishna games: one child is a cow, another is cowherd boy, they go to the forest, there are demons there, Krishna kills the demons, like that; in this way, let the children play Krishna games, then attend arati, then learn some ABC, then play some more, have kirtana, little ABC, and by keeping them always diversified they shall not lose interest and will keep their attention always focused around Krishna.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
