---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 22, 1972",
    "h1":"Giriraja — July 22, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Giriraja — July 22, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Giriraja ======

My dear Giriraja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated July 14, 1972, and I have noted the contents carefully. I am especially pleased to hear that everything is going on nicely in Bombay, and that you are sending a party of men to live in Bombay city for collecting there. That is a nice plan. Yes, the men may be rotated from time to time. And if all the others also go sometimes to nearby neighborhoods for preaching and distributing books, that is also good proposal. I am also glad to hear the deities will soon have a first-class house, and you will keep their nice jewels, etc., in a heavy iron safe.

So far my writings, avoid publishing them in hodge-podge journals. These so-called Hindus are generally impersonalists, and we do not want to have anything to do with them. Better we stick to our own standard, and eventually they will all come to us for learning what is God. You can try the daily newspapers. If Times of India, Navbharat, if some of these daily papers agree, I can send regularly one sloka from Bhagavad-gita, whatever is in the book plus further elaboration.

That is a good plan, if Saurabha can find someone who will finance our Juhu project. But you must be very careful in this regard, and do not make any final agreements without consulting me in the matter.

Regarding the plan by the Life Member to build one temple in Kashmir, yes, we are interested to help by managing it, and immediately we can send 25 members there. So you can submit our plan and he can build it accordingly.

Regarding Gujarati BTG, you can do as you see fit, either reprint the same issue, or print a new issue utilizing the Bengali blocks.

One thing is, you have mentioned Bhavananda will require four more lakhs for Mayapur. But he told me four lakhs total, and of that I have sent 2 1/2 lakhs, so he shall require further only 1 3/4 lakhs. That must come from selling books. The books are coming at no cost to you, you simply sell them and utilize the entire money for building for Bombay, Vrindaban, and Mayapur. That will be the real task ahead, to sell many, many books all over India and use all the money for building. Why do you see any difficulty? Yes, try for getting free manure from some gosala.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
