---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Acyutananda — August 5, 1972",
    "h1":"Acyutananda — August 5, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Acyutananda — August 5, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Acyutananda ======

Vrindaban

My dear Acyutananda,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter from Vrindaban dated July 29, 1972 and I have noted the contents carefully. Now you please remain there and jointly help Gurudasa and the other two Indian boys and hold as much as you can kirtana and discourses widely all over the Vrindaban village. Take help from Visvambhara Goswami and the other good Godbrothers and make our presence in Vrindaban very impressive and prestigious, and that will by the greatest service. That is my advice. Keep your prestige very nicely there in Vrindaban. Follow the principle of leading sankirtana party every day from Radha Damodara Mandir to our new place in Raman Reti. And wherever possible hold kirtana and speak in Bengali and English. If you are able to have such engagement from 6 A.M. to 10 P.M. daily, do that.

So far the program with Cox and Kings Travel Agency, take the help of Visvambhara Goswami and others and create this program very enthusiastically, I am very much in favor of it. One thing is, there has not been very much substantial concrete work done in the last few months in Vrindaban in the matter of our new building there. So I have asked Tamala Krishna Goswami to come there with one engineer and begin the work vigorously. Now you give him all assistance and help me get started on this great project immediately. I shall be coming to India sometimes in October and I expect to see some tangible progress there in Vrindaban. That is our real business. If we are there so many months and we cannot do anything, simply eat and sleep and fight amongst ourselves, then where is our credit? Our credit will be when the people see our nice building rising daily, just like in Mayapur, with 100 men working day and night. That is the American style. If you want to honor me, you will do like this and then I can truly be called the guru of the Americans. Otherwise, it is simply a dishonor to me.

So far Yamuna is concerned, I never doubted once her impeccable character, simply I wanted to find out the actual position. There is a saying in Bengali, that whenever there is scandalous talk, there is something to it, so we must be careful always to avoid even what may be mistaken by others for scandalous situation. You know how the things are taken in India so be yourself very careful to always avoid these things and instruct others how to do it also. I am forwarding your reply to Lalitananda Bon Maharaja to ISKCON Press in New York for publishing in our __BTG.__

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
