---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Giriraja — September 26, 1972",
    "h1":"Giriraja — September 26, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Giriraja — September 26, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Giriraja ======

<card class="letter">
Bombay

My dear Giriraja,

Please accept my blessings. Thank you very much for your detailed letter dated September 16, 1972, and I am glad to learn in detail how the things are going on in Bombay. I am always thinking about that place, it is only a few steps to the Juhu Beach, and there are many nice palm trees overhead with cooling breezes, and I am looking forward very much to return there soon. Only I am always anxious how the things are going on there, therefore I have asked you to report regularly. So far the bank mortgage is concerned, that is all right. Why don't you do it and finish this business with Nair? This talk is going on since so many months, why it is not being finished up? Now we have formed a committee, now whatever you think, you do. I want to see how the things are going on, and how it is going depends on you. Now I cannot tax my brain so much from such distant place what to do if there is any difficulty, therefore I am relying completely on you, my trusted senior disciples, to finish up these things nicely. I want that construction work be immediately taken up. If this is not possible, as suggested by Madhukar Munim, we may file a criminal or civil charges, as you see fit. Either this way or that way, finish it immediately. So many letters you are sending for the past so many months, and still nothing is settled. You may take bank mortgage for 20-30 lacs extra and use it for construction, that is approved by me. I just want to see that things are done, that's all.

The Board of Trustees is approved by me. Regarding the Rs. 4,000 for paper for the Gujarati issue of __Back to Godhead,,__ I have sent you already Rs. 70,000 and Rs. 29,000, whether that has been replaced? Then I will forward further sums. I have requested Satsvarupa to reimburse you immediately the Rs. 7,000 paid out for the Dallas and Detroit deities.

One thing is, you have sent the conveyance for the unoccupied agricultural land valued at Rs. 900,000 but there is no conveyance issued for the occupied land or nonagricultural land with buildings valued at Rs. 500,000. When that conveyance will be also signed? Kindly send me one copy of that second conveyance* as soon as possible. It is mentioned in the one conveyance you have sent me that a second conveyance must be also issued, but I want to see that that is done as quickly as possible and settle up this matter once and for all.

Your plan for forming __sankirtana__ parties for selling our literatures throughout India is very much appreciated by me. Now you have got many many books there and in order to finance our building projects in India you must sell these books profusely. The traveling party idea is the best method for distributing our literatures widely. All funds should be deposited in the Book and Building Accounts and spent for those purposes only. I have very much appreciated your Hare Krsna monthly magazine, it is a great step forward, now maintain it actually monthly and collect many advertisements and spread our propaganda in this way. One thing is, Bhavananda has suggested that you need more help but he was called to help you from Calcutta and coming such long distance he was also silent and then he went away. I do not know why he has gone away because I asked him to stay there in Bombay and help you execute the conveyances and not to leave Bombay until the conveyances were signed. Kindly keep me informed more regularly what you are doing and how the things are getting done in Bombay.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

*joint conveyance\\
ACBS/sda
</card>