---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 7, 1972",
    "h1":"Tamala Krsna — September 7, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Tamala Krsna — September 7, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tamala Krsna ======

My dear Tamala Krishna,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 31, 1972 from Calcutta, and immediately on receipt of the letter, I have sent you a telegram to the Vrindaban address as advised by you, confirming your proposal for the Hyderabad program from November 17 to December 10. My immediate program is that I shall remain in Vrindaban from October 15 to November 15, and after that it will be possible for me to go to Hyderabad. Your preaching in Hyderabad has become very successful along with your other colleagues, Sriman Subala das Maharaja and others, and I thank you very much for your great success in this respect. As it is our motto on the head of __Back to Godhead,__ "Godhead is light, nescience is darkness. Where there is Godhead there is no darkness." The whole world is full of darkness. The so-called yogis, swamis, mayavadis, scientists, philosophers, political leaders, all are different types of glowworms, so in the darkness of cloudy night during the rainy season, the croaking of the frogs and glitterings of the glowworms are supposed to be very prominent. But as soon as there is clear sunlight or moonlight, all these insignificant glowing and croaking disappear. So our movement is Krishna. The Krishna Consciousness Movement is nondifferent from Krishna. If we therefore present the Krishna Consciousness in right earnestness, then certainly all these insignificant glowworms and frogs will have no more importance. Please therefore take it very seriously and do it on the right path which is not very difficult, then certainly we will come out victorious all over the world. I have read all the newspaper cuttings and handbills very attentively, and I very much appreciate the counter presented by us against the vilificaion by the enemies. Sriman Subala das's reply in the paper with reference to the context of sastra are excellently gorgeous. He has given references from __Bhagavad-gita, Srimad-Bhagavatam, Nectar of Devotion__ and __Teachings of Lord Caitanya,__ and it is very nice. So Krishna is within everyone and He becomes revealed in proportion to our sincere service, __Sevonmukhe hi jihvadau svayam eva sphuratyada__ [Brs. 1.2.234]. I am also glad that you have collected 25,000 rupees within three weeks with all great honor and prestige. Thank you very much. In Vrindaban I wanted a temple like Radha-Govindaji's and a simple residential quarter, but it has not yet begun due to so many reasons. Now when you have gone please do begin something without any delay. Our Bombay affair has been little muddled because the conveyance deed is not yet executed. I have sent Bhavananda to Bombay to look after the matter with Giriraja, but I do not know what is the resolution by this time. Anyway, let us work very diligently for Krishna all over the world, and our advancement will depend on our sincerity. Here in New Vrindaban, the Janmastami Festival continually from September 1 is going on very gorgeously. There are more than 500 guests and they are listening to Bhagavat Discourses with rapt attention, chanting and dancing. Many respectable Indians are coming. One Dr. Srivastava, professor of statistics at Colorado University, is interested in developing this scheme. Sriman Kirtanananda Maharaja has arranged very nicely. Everything is very satisfactory. Similarly, every one of us in charge of some activity may execute his responsibility in good Krishna Consciousness, and certainly things will come

[PAGE MISSING]
