---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Revatinandana — September 25, 1972",
    "h1":"Revatinandana — September 25, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Revatinandana — September 25, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Revatinandana ======

London

My dear Revatinandana,

Please accept my blessings. Thank you very much for your letter from London dated 20 September 1972, and I have very much enjoyed hearing your description of the programs in England. I am so very much pleased to hear about your successfully preaching widely in the youth clubs and halls and colleges, this is my dream coming true. I wanted that many __sannyasis__ would travel widely in the Western countries and preach to the young people, especially in the schools and colleges, and spread our Krsna philosophy in these places. Now Krsna has given you all facilities for this work, and I can understand that you are very intelligent boy and you have got good enthusiasm, so I am taking encouragement from your progress. One thing is, now you have got many many books and we require to raise huge sum for purchasing our new place in London, s my senior disciple and experienced man you should take lead in supervising the distribution of books widely all over Great Britain. You say that the __sankirtana__ party in London requires more push, so you do the needful for organizing them and enthusing them to sell books and literatures more and more. Karandhara is coming there in a few days and he will see how everything is going on, because Syamasundara must remain with me. But if Syamasundara's presence is also required for getting that new place, he can also come there. Meanwhile, you satisfy yourself that the __sankirtana__ parties are distributing our literatures as much as possible and depositing in the building fund. Everything above expenses should be put into the building fund and saved for the new place.

I am encouraged also that the programs in Nottinghill Gate Church were attended by many hippies and they enjoyed the program fully. Similarly, we can hold one Hare Krsna Festival every night somewhere in London by renting halls and distributing our men in various places. That Bury Place house is small, so if there are too many men for such small space they may be dispatched to open new centers at Glasgow and other places as you see fit. Or they may stay other places in London and hold programs as we did in Wembley. Now you are experienced man, you do everything nicely by consulting with Dhananjaya and the other leaders and strive always always to please Krsna constantly. Now I am old man and a little inclined for retirement, but now our organization is expanding more and more and I simply want to see that the things get done, therefore I am relying on you, my senior disciples, to do everything nicely for Krsna. Thank you very much for helping me in this way.

Hoping this meets you in the best of health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
