---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hariprasada — December 23, 1972",
    "h1":"Hariprasada — December 23, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Hariprasada — December 23, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hariprasada ======

Hyderabad

My dear Hariprasadaji,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 14, 1972, and I am so much encouraged by your report of the Hyderabad activities, and I think that that place will be most important preaching centre for India, because I have noted that you are all so much eager and enthusiastic to serve Krishna. That is the first qualification to attain the supreme perfection of your life: enthusiasm. If there is always keen enthusiasm for serving Krishna, and if there is also patience and determination, then everything will be successful. So try to every day chant as much as possible Hare Krishna Mantra, read our books regularly, and engage your energy for this business of building temple, making Life Members, like that, and then you will always remain enthusiastic, and gradually more and more you will feel yourself advance in Krishna Consciousness. In this way, you may know it for certain that you will meet Krishna face-to-face very soon.

Now I am in Bombay until about 23rd of January, at the above address, and we are preparing a very gorgeous Hare Krishna Festival for the Cross Maidan from January 12th to 21st instant. So I am free up to 10th January, so if in the meantime everything is settled up then I can go to Hyderabad and lay down the foundation-stone. So far books are concerned, I have told Tamala to send as many as possible so he will see to it. There is shipment of 10,000 BTG's in Bombay harbor, and we are waiting for CCP license to clear them, then part of that shipment may be sent you, immediately. Meanwhile, I have ordered 5,000 to 10,000 each of each of our books for India, so in future there will be sufficient supply. This distributing of books is our most important business. So I am very much pleased upon you that you want to help me in this way. Now go on increasing books distribution, and utilize your fertile brain how to do it more and more. Krishna has given you every facility, so if you use that facility and intelligence for Krishna, just to please Him by your preaching assistance, that will satisfy you completely and it will be the best help to your countrymen, your family, and to all living entities in general. May Krishna give you His all blessings.

Now I want that you become the Treasurer of our branch at Hyderabad, so I have sent one letter of Resolution to Subala in that connection. Kesava will be President and Subala will be Secretary. So far the movie-projector, etc., those things you should arrange locally with co-operation of others, and you may order films from our Los Angeles centre for some cost-price only.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
