---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhagavan — December 13, 1972",
    "h1":"Bhagavan — December 13, 1972",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhagavan — December 13, 1972",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Bhagavan ======

My dear Bhagavan dasa,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated November 21, 1972, along with letters of requesting for initiation by me. I have accepted all of them as my duly initiated students, and their letter along with beads are enclosed herewith. I am also very happy to receive the copies of your booklets in French language, and I am surprised that the price is so cheap. So why not make arrangement that all our books should be printed there? At least we may print the books in German and French and other European languages. Consult with the others, and if it is good opportunity in their all estimation, then why not combine and print there? That is the first business, make books and distribute. So I am always encouraged to hear that you are increasing in this respect of making books in foreign languages. Your title "anti-matter and Eternity---A study on immortality through Bhakti-yoga" is liked by me, it is a good translation of "Easy Journey."

So far the other things, they are all like nectar to my ears, and I am very, very much pleased with everything you are doing. I can understand you have saved the situation there and have done the first-class preaching distribution because you are making so many new devotees from many countries, and still you are crowded even after opening the new centres, so that is a very good sign. Now find out that new place in Paris and expand yourself in a solid way, keeping always the propagation of Krishna Consciousness as the goal, simply be engaging all men in Krishna's service. Everyone has got some way he can contribute himself for serving the Supreme Personality of Godhead, everyone. Now conduct your preaching in such a way that when anyone becomes attracted to get something from us he may be induced or allured into serving Krishna in his own way as he likes to do it, not being forced to do something else he may not like to do, that will discourage him and no intelligent men will come. But I think you have mastered this art perfectly well, and because I have not got any complaints from anyone since you have come to Paris temple---although before I was getting many complaining letters---I think the devotees there are feeling themselves satisfied by your engaging them happily in Krishna Consciousness life. Thank you very much for assisting me in this way.

I think by now Mandakini has again gone to Russia, so she may send report as soon as she is able. Under all circumstances, keep our preaching work in front, it will save us in all conditions from the clutches of maya, that we have learned.

Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sda
