---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Tejiyas — January 5, 1973",
    "h1":"Tejiyas — January 5, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Tejiyas — January 5, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Tejiyas ======

New Delhi

My dear Tejiyas,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated January 1, 1973, and I am very happy to learn from you about all of the progress in Vrndaban and Delhi. You are coming to Bombay very soon, so we will speak at more length when you see me. When you come we shall discuss with Mahamsa and Yasodanandana about the funds for Vrndaban building work. I am very glad to hear that Puranjana has been able to obtain the CCP Certificate for Rs. 2 lakhs. That is very important business. Without books we will make no progress in India, because practically everything we have done so far in this country has rested on these books. So I am very glad to hear that they are selling nicely in Delhi also, now try to tax your brain for finding new ways and better ways for distributing our books widely to the intelligent men of Delhi city.

Yes, when I used to live in Delhi the Americans purchased many copies of my __Bhagavatams__ and they left standing order for any further books which I might publish in future. So you may approach them and they will take minimum 18 copies per volume, as per our former agreement. When you come here you can discuss further with Yadubara all these things, such as the Thompson Press work and other things regarding the books. I have made order from Dai Nippon for 5,000 of each of our big books and 10,000 of each smaller book for distributing in India. We shall henceforward concentrate our full energy in this program of distributing books in India. We shall not be very much concerned any more with properties and big big temples, now we have got our place at Vrndabana and our place at Mayapur, that is sufficient, now let us spend our hard-earned money for printing Krsna's books and distributing widely all over India. If someone steps forward to donate us land or building, that is another thing, but we shall not be very much interested to spend for that.

There are four pillars of a successful business, and that is land, labor, capital and organization. So first is the land. If you get nice land, then everything else will follow. So we have got place, labor, you are gradually getting more, we have got some capital, and we are organized, therefore I see no reason that we shall not be very much successful in India, as we shall be also all over the world.

Regarding Puranjana's going to Vietnam, I think all of the Americans and other Westerners, soldiers, have left that place and now there are only American bombers flying there to drop bombs and go away. So what is the use for one man to go and try for preaching to people of Vietnam? If there is some scope for preaching there, that is a different matter, I shall be very happy to open our ISKCON center there. But I was thinking before that many American soldiers were there, therefore I suggested. So you consider these things carefully, and we shall discuss further when you come here.

Hoping this meets you in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
