---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sukadeva 2 — January 29, 1973",
    "h1":"Sukadeva 2 — January 29, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Sukadeva 2 — January 29, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Sukadeva 2 ======

My dear Sukadeva das,

I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 1/8/73, and I have noted the contents with satisfaction. Thank you very much for your kind sentiments. This attitude of serving first the spiritual master is the correct one, for only by the mercy of the spiritual master can one obtain the mercy of Krsna. Just as we sing every morning yasya prasadad bhagavad-prasado yasya prasada na gatih kuto 'pi, in this way the disciple advances more and more in understanding God. So if you simply execute with full faith the instructions that I have already given you, then you will see so many people will be sent by Krsna to become devotees because of your sincerity. So as you are my appointed leader, you must also see that the others are following very strictly the regulative principles like chanting 16 rounds, reading my books regularly, rising early for mangala aratrika, these things will keep us purified for advancing more and more in Krsna Consciousness.

So far your request for initiations for Patrick and Jane, that is approved by me. So far the infant is concerned, let him wait until he is older. You may receive the beads chanted upon by Kirtanananda Maharaja and hold the fire sacrifice. Concerning the second initiations for Ojasir das Brahmacari, Smaranananda das Adhikary and his wife Samsaramochan Devi Dasi, that is also approved, and you will find enclosed the Gayatri threads. So hold the fire yajna and for those who are initiated as brahmanas, teach them how to count on the finger divisions, and play the Gayatri mantra tape in their right ear and have them repeat it along with my vibration word for word, then hang sacred thread on his neck as usual. Girls don't require thread but can responsively chant the Gayatri mantra. In each individual case the instruction should be given and the mantra replayed. The giving of the Gayatri mantra can be held after the fire yajna and each devotee can come alone to you to receive the thread.

Yes, the spiritual master is also present in his picture, though more importantly he is present in his teachings. I think this is explained in one letter that has already been distributed. If you have further questions try to get them resolved by your GBC man, Karandhar, because now I wish to spend all of my time for translating my books like Srimad-Bhagavatam, so I may give them to you.

Thank you very much for assisting me in this way. Hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ABCS/bmdg\\
Sukadeva das Adhikary, Seattle ISKCON
