---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — January 28, 1973",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — January 28, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — January 28, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Kirtanananda ======

My dear Kirtanananda Swami,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 10 January 1973, and I have noted the contents with great pleasure. I can see that Krsna is giving you more and more facility for developing this New Vrindaban scheme. So this is very nice. I am very pleased that you have acquired some more cows. In Mayapur also we have some cows now. So you are the manager there, and in cooperation with the GBC men it is up to you to see that everything is developed very very nicely and that all the land is utilized properly, not that it is sitting going to waste. So once you are utilizing everything very nicely, then you may increase more and more as you like. So consult with the GBC and you may decide whether it is worthwhile to purchase more land at this time.

You write that you have just returned from your second trip to Mexico City. This is very very nice, as you are sannyasi, and sannyasi means to travel and preach the message of Krsna all over the world. So you are actually doing this and Krsna will be very pleased by such activities. Also you are distributing my books. This is the most important work, as anyone who simply takes one of these books, simply by reading may be saved and turned towards Krsna Consciousness. So in cooperation with others, go on traveling, preaching, distributing my books, and this will please me very very much.

Regarding your recommendations for second initiation, they may be given the sacred threads enclosed herein. As you are one of the elder members of our Society and you are sannyasi, it is your duty to see that all the devotees are following strictly the regulative principles and chanting 16 rounds, attending the classes, reading our books, and always remaining enthusiastic for executing devotional service. Everyone has got some propensity. The art of preaching is to engage that propensity in the service of Krsna. Whatever we have got, our mind, our intelligence, our possessions, our time, our energies, let them all be used in Krsna's service. So by training people in this way, this will be the success of your preaching work.

We have just completed one very nice pandal program in Bombay, and every day thousands of people were gathering to hear the sannyasis preach in our "Questions and Answers" booth. Sometimes the people were staying past 12:00 in the evening to hear your American sannyasis preach this Krsna conscious philosophy. . So we have got good audience for resounding the message of Caitanya Mahaprabhu all over the world. I am going on 2nd February to Melbourne, Australia, and then shall be returning to Mayapur for the appearance day of Caitanya Mahaprabhu.

[PAGE MISSING]
