---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — January 28, 1973",
    "h1":"Nayanabhirama — January 28, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Nayanabhirama — January 28, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Nayanabhirama ======

New York

My dear Nayanabhirama,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 1/1/73 and have noted the contents with great pleasure. It is so nice to hear how your wife Daivisakti Devi Dasi is distributing so many books and collecting big big donations for the Lord. This is very very pleasing to me, as our book distribution and collecting of funds is so much important for pushing on this movement. So if all of the devotees in New York can collect like that, at least $100 daily, then very shortly you will have enough funds for getting that big skyscraper for use as the world headquarters of our Krsna Consciousness movement.

Regarding the activities of the Vaikuntha Players, it is very nice to hear that you are taking information from our Srimad-Bhagavatam and Krsna Book for presenting everything very authoritatively, without any deviation from the sastras. Yes, one or two of the girls may learn this Indian dance technique, but we cannot take too much endeavor for such things. If they can do it without too much trouble that is all right. Now you continue executing your Krsna Conscious activities, chanting 16 rounds, studying our books, going on sankirtana, worshiping the deity, etc., and in this way you will become advanced more and more. Also as you are senior devotee you must set a nice example for the others to follow. Here also in India we are making drama, and at our Bombay Pandal on the last evening we had one drama about Krsna and the gopis in which the gopis gave the dust of their feet for curing Krsna's headache. This was very much appreciated by the audience. So in this way we can present the philosophy of Krsna Consciousness very nicely for everyone to relish.

I will now be going to Australia for one month and shall be returning to Mayapur for the occasion of Lord Caitanya's Appearance Day. So there in New York you may make some nice program for glorifying Lord Caitanya and His Associates on that auspicious occasion.

Hoping this finds you and your good wife in good health,

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bmdg
