---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 4, 1973",
    "h1":"Karandhara — October 4, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Karandhara — October 4, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Karandhara ======

My dear Karandhara,

Please accept my blessings. Just now I am finalizing the sale of the land with Mrs. Nair and there is every chance that this time we shall get it. The gift of the land in Hyderabad is now almost complete. In Vrindaban and in Mayapur the construction is progressing very nicely. So we have undertaken very great projects here and by the grace of Lord Krishna they may all come out nicely. But one difficulty is that hardly any intelligent young men are coming forward to help me here. Whatever I have been able to do all over the world it has been due to the help all of you, my disciples, have given me. Here there are hardly fifty devotees to do all the projects, so this is a great strain. Therefore, I want that from all over our Society fifty more men may immediately come bringing to a total of one hundred men.

I have requested our Delhi Temple President Sriman Tejyas das Adhikari to find out the best way how these men can come to India and not be bothered by visa difficulties after coming. He has written me as follows:

"1. Entry visas for one year should be applied for and triplicate carbon copies sent to me and I will follow up here in pushing it through.

2. The occupation should be listed as student-trainee or some such thing but not minister or preacher.

3. I should get a complete list of the devotees by Karmi name, spiritual name, and all details such as Passport number and issue date, previous visits to India, etc.

4. The entry visa should be multiple entry."

So please do the needful in correspondence with Tejyas das and Tamala Krishna Goswami, so that these fifty men may come here as soon as possible. One thing is that British Commonwealth citizens do not require visas for entering India, so if some of the men coming are from these zones that will make it easier.

Hoping this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS:tkg
