---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 8, 1973",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — November 8, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 8, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

<card class="letter">
Heidelberg, Germany

My dear Hansadutta Das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter with enclosures dated October 26th, and have noted the contents with great pleasure. It is Krsna's mercy that you were able to take in a copy of Bhagavad-gita to Moscow. It is very encouraging that the boy without any association is maintaining the standard. This is due to his chanting 16 rounds and following the regulative principles. Now he should be in your charge, so you kindly guide him and keep him in our atmosphere and utilize him properly, but steadily and cautiously. Yes, you arrange for their marriage. I am writing both Bhagavan Das and Mandakini, the copies herewith enclosed. Their marriage will be very good, and both of them will get some strength. So guide them both as you think best. Yes, have our literature translated into Russian. Why not have our Bhagavad gita distributed underground there as they are doing the Bible? So you support him in any way, and write Mandakini to immediately go there. So far his engagement is concerned, it is not necessary that he join the Christian order. Better as you have suggested to preach amongst their friends and to gradually induce them to take interest.

I am also glad to note the work going on in East Germany. Try to impress upon them to make communism God-centered. God is the father of everyone, and we are all His sons. Everything is His property, and everyone has the right to enjoy it. Without being God-centered, Communism will fail. So we have got good potency to be the leaders of the world if we carefully push on this movement.

Regarding killing the demons, yes, Krsna has done it. "__paritranaya sadhunam/ vinasaya ca duskrtam__ [[books:bg:4:8|(Bg. 4.8)]]." But, for us to kill like that we first have to become first class Krsna devotees like Arjuna or Hanuman, then we can fight with the Ravanas and demons. But that requires good strength, and we are not in that position now. Caitanya Mahaprabhu did not kill the demons, but He converted them. So this should be our example.

I am glad to note the work of Cakravarti and Prthu at the Belgrade Book Fair. This is real progress. So from all the literatures you are distributing you spend this money for spreading Krsna consciousness in Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, and East Germany, and prepare men. Put all of our books into the local languages.

It is good that you are maintaining stocks of our books for being distributed. Can you supply paper to India? If you can send paper from the Book Fund. We can print some books locally. If it is possible, then send paper samples to me. Here there is a scarcity of paper.

I am very glad to learn that you are composing Krsna Book, and also possibly TLC, so you bring the blueprint with you to Mayapur in March, 1974 for our Festival. The report of all the Sankirtana parties is very encouraging. So you are pushing Caitanya Mahaprabhu's movement very nicely throughout Central Europe. May Krsna bless you.

Yes, I want that you give me the facility to write my books, but I can attend some meetings of important people and elites. You have taken the right view of the importance of my books. Books will always remain. That was the view of my Guru Maharaja, and I also have taken it. Therefore I started my movement with my books. And we shall be able to maintain everything with the sales of the books. The temples will be maintained by the book sales, and if there are no more temples, then the books shall remain.

So far my coming to Moscow, yes I will come, but I may not be arrested. Still I shall go, and I shall speak on pure communism.

I hope this meets you and your good wife Himavati in best of health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
</card>