---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bhagavan — November 19, 1973",
    "h1":"Bhagavan — November 19, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Bhagavan — November 19, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bhagavan ======

<card class="letter">
Paris

My dear Bhagavan Das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 11/11/73 together with enclosures and I thank you very much for them. The book which you have sent is very excellent. The appearance is better than the English edition. I shall be glad to know how you are selling them in France. Increase the publication more and more as Hansadutta is doing.

Here also the Hindi editions are coming by the endeavor of Ramananda dasa. They have also started in Gorakhpur a Bhaktivedanta Publication House. So let us conjointly publish in all languages. I am asking Brahmananda to publish also in Swahili in Africa. That will make our movement successful. Books are very important in pushing on any movement, especially Krsna consciousness.

The magazine is also very nice. The get-up, the printing, the types are all nice.

If I go to Rome, whether you can come? I may be going there in the first week of December from Nairobi.

These are tangible services that you are doing, recognized by my Guru Maharaja and Krsna. Brahmananda was saying that two years ago when he was in Paris they were collecting 40 francs on Sankirtana, now you are collecting 1500 dollars. So has the time changed, or is it because you are there? Krsna will surely bless you.

I saw your Deity room packed up when I was there, so I think its going on like that, surrounded by police cars. Anyway your temple is centrally located and in a good quarter, so certainly it will be successful. When I go to London next, I will certainly visit. The picture of Radha-Paris Isvara is very nice. Radharani's attitude is very nice. She is giving her blessings to everyone.

In the magazine the picture on page 11 of the arati is very nice. Krsna is looking also upon me. It is a nice pose. I am looking to Him, and He is looking to me. Kindly send me some copies.

Regarding Annada, her father will not agree, but I shall tell her privately. Regarding Mandakini, let it be clarified, then send her. Moscow is uncertain, and Paris is certain; so we should not sacrifice the certain for the uncertain.

Now print books. Don't use this money for any other purpose than publishing. Some percentage may be kept by you for getting your own house, either purchasing or constructing our own temple. If the present house is available, then purchase.

I am glad to hear about Geneva. It is a very important place to establish a center. Now in Bombay after much difficulty we have purchased the property spending about 18 lakhs, having to pay so many claimants, but now it is ours, although still there remains one item. Arrangements are being made for the temple construction is going on locally. Our Delhi festival is now finished, and it was nice. Now I am in Vrindaban staying in my house on our Raman Reti land. Wednesday the 21st I shall proceed to Bombay.

Regarding London, I think they are doing there. If you like, you can go and see. In Rome if Dhananjaya can organize a center, that will be very nice.

Enclosed is the statement duly signed by me regarding the translation rights of my books.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
</card>