---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jadurani — November 8, 1973",
    "h1":"Jadurani — November 8, 1973",
    "title":"Letter to: Jadurani — November 8, 1973",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jadurani ======

Brooklyn

My dear Jadurani dasi:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated October 19, 1973. Yes, why not get Devahuti to paint, she's a good painter. Now I want for Lord Caitanya's Appearance Day one book of Ādi lila published, 400 pages at least, hardbound, for being distributed at Mayapur. Regarding the enclosed photo, the Yamadutas are all right. Yes, it is all right to show the subtle body looking just like the gross body. Regarding Lord Caitanya's danda, it was broken for good. So after Puri, He never took danda. So for painting Him as sannyasa, it depends on the time as to whether He had danda or not. The eka danda is all right, as in the Sadbhujah picture I sent. Do not be concerned with how the Mayavadi sannyasi dandas are wrapped because we are not following them.

Kapiladeva was a young man, say 15 or 16 years. He appeared as a baby. Salagrama sila is a black stone ball, round, with eyes and nose painted with gopicandana with a golden crown on and placed on one small srngasana. Advaita Acarya was worshiping this way.

Regarding the arati ceremony of Svayambhuva Manu, better to have the men and women separate. That is the Vedic system. Not like in the West of co-education, because intermingling of men and women was not at all sanctioned. If he is performing arati, how can he sit in a throne or asana?

The young girls on the bank were worshiping Siva linga. It is made from earth collected from the Ganges bank. There was no deity of Durgadevi. These Siva lingas are placed right on the Ganga bank without any throne, wherever there is a suitable place.

So why don't you come to Mayapur for sometime, not only you but all others and stay for sometime and finish the paintings locally there.

So go on with your chanting of Hare Krsna. You have written "Jaya Vali Hari," but it is "bali hari yai?" meaning "I give you all credit, all glories."

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
