---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Gurudasa — January 17, 1974",
    "h1":"Gurudasa — January 17, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Gurudasa — January 17, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Gurudasa ======

Vrindaban

Dear Gurudasa,

Please accept my blessings. I was surprised that Tamala Krsna Goswami and you all are contemplating cancelling the Vrindaban touring of our devotees going to Mayapur. In my opinion it must be carried out.

Just to give you help I am enclosing one letter to Sripada Radhika baba of Imlitala. Enclosed find one Bengali letter to deliver to him. He will introduce you to the son of our panda. I paid this man the sum of Rs 100 recently, so Radhika baba will introduce him and with his help just arrange the program of visiting Vrindaban.

Thousands of people go to Vrindaban daily. They make the arrangement of visiting so many holy places. Arrangement should be made. If we have no place, still there is no scarcity of place in Vrindaban. There are hundreds of dharmasala. The panda will arrange for the dharmasala for three days, namely the 12th, 13rd and 14th. The pilgrims shall stay there for 3 days. Buses should be engaged to take the devotees one day to Govardhana and Radhakunda, Nandagram and Barsana. The other day, Dauji and another day to some other places. From dharmasala the buses will take the devotees to visiting places and then come back to their respective dharmasala. If there is a little inconvenience, still the devotees must visit Vrindaban. In Mathura there are dharmasalas of Krsna-janma-bhumi and Jaya Dayal Dalmia constructed just for foreigners. Arrangement should be made with the help of the panda.

This touring will enhance our prestige for the Krsna Consciousness movement. People will appreciate devotees from foreign countries visiting Vrindaban. It will attract the attention of the Tourist Department of government. Immediately, Tamala Krsna Maharaja and Gurudasa, you must arrange, with the help of the panda. The party can not only be headed by our leaders, but with the help of Indian assistants like Caitya-guru, Sacidulal. Arrangement must be made like that.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg\\
c.c. Tamala Krsna Goswami, Gargamuni Swami
