---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satyahit — March 16, 1974",
    "h1":"Satyahit — March 16, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Satyahit — March 16, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Satyahit ======

Dear Satyahit,

Please accept my blessings. I am pleased to hear you have been preaching among the Gujarat community in Panama City and that they are sympathetic to our movement. We see now at our function in Vrindaban that hundreds of members are attending from all parts of the world. In this way our movement is unique, that not just the people of India are hearing about Krsna, but from all countries they are joining and becoming Vaisnavas by chanting Hare Krsna mantra, and refraining from the pillars of sinful activities. This was Lord Caitanya's desire that the Holy name be heard in every town and village.

Now I am especially concerned to distribute grains, rice, wheat in the form of dahl and rice prasadam to hungry people all over India. The people here are very disturbed because, partly due to the punishment of Nature, and partly due to the mismanagement of the demon class of men, food is not available. If the people do not even have sufficient food they will not even be able to receive spiritual instructions. So I am hopeful that if we can widely distribute free foodstuffs to the people of India, by giving it out at our centers as well as by travelling parties to villages, we will win over the whole country and the whole world by this activity on Krsna's behalf.

You write that members of the Gujarat community would like to contribute $10,000.00 toward a temple there, but at this time I think the money could be better spent by contributing to shipping grains to India for distribution. If they wish to donate for this noble project they can send money directly to the following account: "ISKCON Mayapur-Vrindaban Trust," account no 668, the Punjab National Bank, Vrindaban, Mathura, U.P., India.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
