---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka , Bhavananda — April 3, 1974",
    "h1":"Jayapataka , Bhavananda — April 3, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka , Bhavananda — April 3, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Jayapataka , Bhavananda ======

Mayapur

Dear Jayapataka and Bhavananda Maharajas,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of---undated, and I have carefully noted the contents.

As for the advance of Rs 25,000 so that work can continue at Mayapur, that has already been sent from New York by Bali Mardan. There has been some delay in receiving it here but from our Bombay BBT account we have already forwarded the sum of Rs 25,000 to Calcutta, so that question is already answered. You have the money and work should go ahead full force to be completed as agreed.

As far as the cows suffering from no good shelter, why have you not built them something solid? I sent $5,000.00 on one occasion and then $4,000.00 previous to that, for construction for the cows. So why are they not protected?

Your report on the harvest of crops is a paradox, when compared to the fact that you have to spend money for maintenance. If there is so much harvest, you have cows, vegetables, then why do you require money for maintenance?

I have read in your letter how the brahmacaris find it very difficult to plough. It will be very difficult if we do not work the land ourselves. The difficulty can be overcome provided we are sincere. I think we can use modern machines, to drive a tractor, for example, is as easy as driving a car. Suppose we hire a tractor for the time being. I heard they are available from Krishnanagar. In America they take to agriculture; they are farmers although they are not Indians. So why can't the Americans work and farm in India? We just have to adjust in order to raise as much crops as possible for the animals and men. I have seen many farmers near New Vrindaban working nicely with tractors and growing food. One day Kirtanananda Swami hired one and within two hours he tilled many acres of land very nicely, although it was not even land. So in Mayapur it is even land; in a few hours we can till all the land we possess. My point is if somehow we cannot utilize the land then why purchase it at such expenditure? Self help doesn't mean Rs 10,000 spent monthly.

As for working with the architects, if you think the soil test is necessary you can consult together, you two and Gargamuni Maharaja and Brahmananda Maharaja and decide yourselves. Tamala Krsna goswami has no extraordinary experience, so you can do it yourselves. Tamala Krsna is sick now, recovering from a hernia operation, and after he has recovered he is going to America.

Yes, it is a good idea to go preaching in Bangladesh. If possible some men may go there. Gargamuni has some experience; when he went there it was Pakistan but still he had good reception. If you go to Bangladesh and establish a center it will be a great achievement. We have a center in China and one in Moscow why not Bangladesh and Pakistan?

As for Panca Dravida Swami, I know he is a good preacher and collector. Let him work there for some time and then come back. He is needed in South India and Acyutananda Maharaja is waiting for him. But it will depend on Panca Dravida, he can decide himself which part of the country he can preach best in. Wherever better facilities are we should work, it doesn't matter if it is Nadia or South India.

So please go on all working together in cooperative spirit and do the needful; then I may be spared taxing my brain over so many matters and I can go on my real work of translating. I will be glad to hear your further progressive reports.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
