---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — May 15, 1974",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — May 15, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — May 15, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

<card class="letter">
Bhaktivedanta Manor

My dear Hansadutta,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter of May 9th from Bhaktivedanta Manor as well as your letter May 6th from Holland.

I am going on May 17th to Vrindaban, to take a last look at the construction before going to Europe, and I may also buy a piece of land in Vrindaban. Then according to the itinerary given us by Bhagavan das we are leaving the 23rd May to arrive on the same day in Rome, Italy. On the 24th and 25th there is a Hare Krishna Festival in Rome, and we will stay there until the 30th when we are to go to Geneva for another festival and for meetings with the World Health Council. Then on June 6th we are scheduled to arrive in Paris, France and there are meetings there all week. Thereafter, on your invitation I will go to Amsterdam on the 15th of June and on the 22nd go to Koln, and then Heidelberg and Sweden. My plan is to attend the Rathayatra ceremony in Chicago in the U.S. on the 6th of July and then the Ratha Yatra in San Francisco on July 8th. So I will have to leave Europe by the 5th July or 6th July.

That means I will not visit London on this tour. After San Francisco, I will travel to visit Australia, stopping at Hawaii. And after Australia I will return to India in time for the Janmastami celebration which is on August 9th. After the celebrations in Vrindaban, I will be free to visit England and the U.S. So these are my elaborate travel plans, and we shall see what Krsna desires.

Having received your reports and Puranjana's report of May 7th I feel that the situation in London and Bhaktivedanta Manor is well under control. So there does not seem an immediate need for me to go there. What do you think?

Another thing, is that we have received a serious criticism that one of our very important Indian life members, Mr. Brij Mohon, M.P. visited Bhaktivedanta Manor, and was refused entry. He even had a letter from Tejyas das introducing him. This has caused much concern and Gargamuni Swami is postponing his scheme to take life members on a tour of many of our centers, thinking the centers are not ready to receive guests. Please investigate this report of the turning away of a life member at the Manor and let me know. There should always be one or two rooms available for a life member. In your report you say 450 Indians visited on Sunday, so how could one Indian be turned away? Who turned him away?

For yourself, you should continue GBC management of England and we can discuss further when we meet in Europe.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg\\
Copy of the telegram sent to Syamasundara. c/o ISKCON N.Y.:

"Tamala has gone to N.Y. to speak to you. When I was in Hyderabad Bal Krishna showed me many checks which were not cleared. If you have money why did you refer to George when asked by London temple? Hansadutta is liquidating Londons debts so how can I ask him to leave? Discuss the matter with Tamala and do the needful."

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
</card>