---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Trivikrama — May 1, 1974",
    "h1":"Trivikrama — May 1, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Trivikrama — May 1, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Trivikrama ======

Taipei, Taiwan

My dear Trivikrama Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated April 24, 1974, and I have noted the contents.

It is very good news that you have found Taiwan such a favorable place, with the people and the government inclined towards religious men. Of course only Krsna Consciousness can provide the real understanding of religion beyond sectarian dogmas, and it is the only movement which can really bring benediction in the form of Love of God to everyone, without difficulty. So take it as Krsna's mercy that the atmosphere is somehow favorable and try to recruit Chinese boys to worship of Lord Krsna.

If you require $5,000.00 capital for registration then we shall get it. You should write to Bali Mardan in this connection, but if it is necessary we must have the society registered there, then we must do it.

I am very concerned, however, that in the midst of such good reports, the devotees there are quarreling, namely Sri Ballavh and Dvija Hari. Sri Ballavh was particularly given to your charge for his reformation, and he promised me in Calcutta that he would abide by your instructions, so this report is not very good.

The following portion of this letter is therefore addressed to them. My Dear Sri Ballavh and Dvija Hari,

You have dedicated your life for Krsna and therefore you should be ideal. We are introducing Krsna Consciousness movement for the harmony and good will of humanity. But if you yourselves are suffering from the very ills we are trying to remove, how can the people be influenced favorably? Stop this fighting, tolerate, chant and read our books. Use the intelligence and do some service for Krsna. My request to you is to not fight anymore.

If we establish a nice center there I shall be glad to come and live with you for some time for preaching. Taiwan is near India. If you make proper arrangements I can go.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/sdg
