---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Taittiriya — September 15, 1974",
    "h1":"Taittiriya — September 15, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Taittiriya — September 15, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Taittiriya ======

Brooklyn

My dear Taittiriya dasi:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated September 11, 1974 and I have also received your contribution of $200. So from your letter it appears that the negotiations for the Park Avenue place are almost nearing completion. As soon as we get opportunity of opening Gaurange Hall, the whole society will worship you as the goddess of fortune. I can read your mind that you are developing devotional attributes very nicely. So do not fail to chant regularly 16 rounds and follow the devotional practices together with your husband. And, I have advise your husband to initiate you by tape record hearing for your second initiation. The mantra sheet is enclosed.

So work together husband and wife diligently and pray to Krsna to help you. He is sitting in your heart and will surely give you good intelligence, as soon as He finds that you are engaged in His service with faith and love. Our Krsna is not a dead God as with other things. He is the supreme living being and very affectionate to His devotees. He is the responsive cooperator with our activities. So stick to His lotus feet as advised by Lord Caitanya.

So our foundation is very nice on the platform of Krsna consciousness. I am sometimes thinking of your grandmother who is so kind to me like my mother and I am looking forward to our meeting together in Japan. It will be a great event when we meet together for a greater program in Japan. I have got very good respect for Japanese people. So far I have met the Japanese boys and girls in our temple there, they are so well behaved that I was astonished that they were more respectful than my direct disciples. I think there is great prospect to spread Krsna consciousness in Japan as well as China, because both China and Japan belong to oriental culture. A little endeavor tactfully in pushing Krsna consciousness in these two countries will be sure advancement. This is my conviction. Always think how to do it, and Krsna will give you intelligence. Let us perform this noble activity for the successful termination of this human form of life. Our project is to help the whole human society without any bodily conception of life.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
