---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sri Govinda — September 29, 1974",
    "h1":"Sri Govinda — September 29, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Sri Govinda — September 29, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sri Govinda ======

Evanston, Illinois

My dear Sri Govinda:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated September 5 & 9, 1974 with enclosed clippings of my visit to Chicago Ratha Yatra. The clippings are especially nice, and I am requesting that they be displayed here at Mayapur for our Gaura purnima festival. I very much liked your Chicago festival, and I encourage you to increase it next year. This ratha yatra festival is very dear to me from my very childhood days, so I very much appreciate your holding this festival in Chicago. If you have longer route and two or three cars it will be very good.

Regarding your house, yes, you should purchase. Your hall is far better than Los Angeles, I think. You have installed the Deity there so nicely with all nice decorations, and I have seen how clean you are keeping it. And, the room was fully packed even the balcony. On the whole that building is just suitable for our purpose. Your scheme for collecting from the Indian community is all right and I approve the inscription for the plaques. Krsna is giving you all good facilities for spreading Krsna consciousness, and I can assure you that He will supply even more. You are a boy of great energy and the more you use your energy in Krsna's service, the more He will supply you, rest assured. So it is up to you how much you want to endeavor for Krsna's sake.

Regarding the initiations, I accept for second initiation upon your recommendation Mrgendra dasa, Bhaktavasya dasi, Subhadra dasi, and Krsna mayi dasi. Enclosed are the thread and sheet. The following I accept as my disciples and their names are as follows:

1. Tom Obnibene---Trinakarta dasa; 2. Chuck Ryskamp---Cakri dasa; 3. Bill Byars---Visvatomukha dasa; 4. Lee Sutton---Lamala dasa; 5. Barb Sutton-Brmhani devi dasi.

Now hold a fire sacrifice and impress upon the devotees that they are taking vows before Radha Krsna, the spiritual master, and the Vaisnavas. The beads may be chanted upon by a sannyasi or GBC man.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
