---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — September 5, 1974",
    "h1":"Bali-mardana — September 5, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Bali-mardana — September 5, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Bali-mardana ======

Brooklyn

My dear Bali Mardan das:

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated August 28, 1974 and have carefully noted the contents. My only anxiety is to guide you. Krsna sometimes makes me sick just to examine how much you have learned to conduct the business under my guidance, with a little independence. You should never act independently, because my guidance in my words are always there. The main guidance is all of us should remain spiritually strong by chanting the minimum number of rounds and following the rules and regulations. The GBC should personally observe strictly all the rules and regulations and they should become the practical example to others. Then everything will be all right. Then there will be no fear of being victimized by maya.

Regarding the International Trust Board, we are now expanding and so our interests should be carefully guarded. Certainly the 12 GBC members are being trained up strictly under my guidance so that they will protect the interest of the society very, very carefully. All our property should be well protected, and I think in every document my name as Founder-Acarya should be mentioned. Special care should be taken that no property can be sold or mortgaged by local managers as was done by Gaurasundara. This is my only concern.

BBT management should be rigidly done very carefully, and I think Ramesvara is a good manager. He can be appointed BBT secretary. I approve BBT moving to New York, because of their freehand dealing. Ramesvara may be made your assistant and remain with you. It is all right that no others be appointed as Trustees at present.

Regarding the matter of Sudama Maharaja there will be no more discussion. Immediately this should be stopped, this matter. Sudama Maharaja should be encouraged. He is doing nicely. Practically the old branch was abolished. Since he has gone there, things have improved very much. So he should be encouraged very much in his activities. Amongst ourselves there must be very liberal and friendly dealings. This is not an ordinary thing that if somebody has got some fault he should be cut. He should be reformed by amicable dealings. We are training our men since a long time. It is very difficult to get trained up assistants.

Regarding the library party in each GBC zone that is a good idea. Regarding the 24 hour kirtana as a regular temple function, do not do anything impractical. If it is not possible, then don't do it.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
