---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 14, 1974",
    "h1":"Hansadutta — November 14, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Hansadutta — November 14, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Hansadutta ======

Taunus, West Germany

My dear Hansadutta dasa:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated November 5, 1974 with enclosed clipping. Yes, I have received the new books and have already written to you my thanks. You are appreciating the chastisement of your spiritual master, and Krishna will bless you by this appreciation. What six books have you given to the printer? This further publication of books means that you go further to Krishna six steps more. Your news of more publishing after seeing the newly published books is very happy news for me. Thank you. Overflood Europe with German books. I think that the German people are the heart of Europe, and your march will be followed by Bhagavan dasa in French language.

Regarding publishing the __Life from Life__ in English it should be grammatically correct because it is written book. Yes, it will be very good if you publish a book of lectures. Regarding going to New York, oh yes, certainly you can go. I have telegrammed Bali Mardan to come here but not yet received any reply.

I understand from Nitai that if another man can be sent; he mentions Jagannatha dasa; then work on Madhya Lila will be shortened by half and he can also help in the Srimad-Bhagavatam work now resumed after completing Caitanya Caritamrta. So it will be very helpful and convenient to have this boy.

Now the transfer for the Food Relief is not enclosed in your letter. Did you send the copy or the original? It must be done by Registered P Sto payment immediately. When sending money, it must be done by Registered Post. A.D.

Regarding the lectures of Patita Uddharana dasa that is very good. Somebody must speak, and he has taken the task, I am writing him in this connection. It should be encouraged.

So you have Caitanya Caritamrta almost translated, achah! Thank you. You are pukkha BBT Trustee. You are business-like and sincere and assisted by your good wife. She is chaste and also sincere.

You say that before meeting me you could not read or write, so this is all Krishna's grace. If He likes, he can make a crow into a peacock. That is His grace. Krishna consciousness is so valuable that it plays wonderful, and there are many instances within our society. Similarly I was a crow, and now they consider me a peacock. But, I was trying to be a peacock whenever there was the opportunity. I took the endeavor to publish the "Back to Godhead," but I wasted so much time. Ultimately Krishna saved me.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
