---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jagadisa — December 28, 1974",
    "h1":"Jagadisa — December 28, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Jagadisa — December 28, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jagadisa ======

<card class="letter">
Toronto

My dear Jagadisa,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Dec. 9, 1974 and have noted the contents carefully.

Regarding your first question, you have not committed such a serious offense. My request is that you atone for your actions by engaging in devotional service with great enthusiasm. Wherever your health is good, you should remain there and serve.

Regarding Gurukula I am very happy to hear that the financial crisis has passed. That is very good. This is real management. As far as the children are concerned, people are accusing us sometimes that our children are undernourished, underfed and note cared for properly. So it is good that you are seeing that they are happy and healthy. They should be given milk at least 8 ounces a day if possible 16 ounces a day. Dahl, capati, rice, vegetable this will keep them fit. If possible a little bit of fruit also. As for fixing up the Deity house in Dallas with marble altars, this is not necessary for now. We shall see later on. For the time being organize the health, education and care of the children and continue the Deity worship as it is going nicely now. Deities are satisfied with bhakti not marble. Therefore try to increase the bhakti.

I think that you should immediately try and get the church in Toronto. Take it immediately. Church is always cheaper as there are not many other purchasers. This way we can bargain with them and bring the price down. The psychology behind it is that the Christians will hesitate to tear down a church. They would rather see it still standing. Gradually you should buy all the churches and make them into temples. There are so many churches actually they should give us these churches free, if they were actually God-conscious. But they are sectarian. Anyway purchase this church immediately. It is not very costly. $200,000 you can arrange. If it is available from BBT at this time then I have no objection. You can make the $150,000 loan from BBT. I do not know though if that much is available.

Increase the Rathayatra festival in Chicago. Make it twice as big, that will be very nice. This festival must be introduced wherever possible. It is so nice.

In connection with your using your efforts to make television shows, no, that is not important now. Don't waste time in this way. Better to have nice festivals like Rathayatra festivals. If they see us on television show then the next moment they will forget. But if they come to a festival and participate that is eternal benefit.

Now you are raising your third child. So more and more you are becoming responsible for these living entities who are your dependents. You must see that they do not take birth again in this material world. That is your duty. Therefore you and your good wife must endeavor strongly together to become fully Krsna Conscious through this simple, sublime process that I have given. By simply following this process without deviation, chanting 16 rounds, following the four regulative principles, attending classes and mangala arati, rising early, these things will gradually bring you to the platform of pure love of Krsna.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
</card>