---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Sukadeva — December 28, 1974",
    "h1":"Sukadeva — December 28, 1974",
    "title":"Letter to: Sukadeva — December 28, 1974",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Sukadeva ======

Seattle

My dear Sukadeva,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated December 4, 1974 and have noted the contents carefully.

A real Vaisnava, of course, will never say that he is superior to anyone. He will say that he is the lowest of the living entities. If he says that he is superior then actually he is not superior. You mentioned in your previous letter about this person being sexually agitated. If there is agitation in the mind then there is no fault. Actually this is only natural in this material world, unless the mind is fully purified in Krsna Consciousness. But by engaging in devotional service gradually the mind will become purified and the agitation will vanish. So if there is simply agitation in the mind there is no fault. But if there is indulgence in sex fault, then there is big fault. If one engages in illicit sex life he has broken the promise to the spiritual master and that is a great offense.

In regards to your question about how the relationship between a sannyasi and the temple president should be, my hope is that you will all be able to cooperate together. The temple president is in charge and the sannyasi should not contradict the instructions. Although if he does see something wrong or if he sees a fault or defect he should bring it out directly to the temple president. And then work it out in a Krsna Conscious way. Not that he will try to over-ride the temple president's authority. I want that you all work together cooperatively. Please continue your programs there with great enthusiasm and try to strictly follow all of my regulations without any deviation. Keep yourself always fixed in Krsna's service. Don't let even a spit moment go by being engaged in the service of maya.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
