---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Radheswaranand Goswami — May 10, 1975",
    "h1":"Radheswaranand Goswami — May 10, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Radheswaranand Goswami — May 10, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Radheswaranand Goswami ======

Goswami Raheswaranand\\
c/o H.K. Ajudia, B.A.L.L.B.\\
ADVOCATE\\
Station Road, Jam-Jodhpur 360530\\
India

My dear Radheswaranand Goswami,

Please accept my humble dandavats. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated 23-3-75. I expected you at our opening ceremony of the Krishna Balarama Temple in Vrndavana. The Governor of U.P. came and the festival continued for 7 days. Then I went to Kuruksetra, then I have come here in Australia for installing Gaura-Nitai deities in Melbourne. Then I shall go to Fiji and on to Honolulu.

Regarding opening a center in Saurastra, it will be my pleasure to do it immediately if the local important men like you will co-operate with me. I wish to open centers in the villages. The mass problem at the present moment in India is actually a food problem. I have therefore decided to start some village organization program---namely, people should be invited to live in the village, produce their own foodstuff (grains, fruits, and vegetables), maintain a sufficient number of cows to get a large quantity of milk, produce their own cloth, eat sumptuously for keeping fit in health, and then they can regularly sit down and chant Hare Krishna Maha-mantra. I shall arrange for the irrigation of the land and the people living there should give their labor for their own food and clothing, and then chant Hare Krishna Maha-mantra and cultivate Krishna Consciousness. Besides that, our men should go from village to village with Sankirtana party, hold festival, namely distribution of Bhagavat prasadam and induce them to chant and join with us in vibrating the Hare Krishna Maha-mantra. In India, they are not less than 95% villagers and Mahatma Gandhi wanted this village organization. I think this is a solid program. The people must eat sumptuously---not voraciously and make them fit for working and chanting. In this way, they will be purified and everything will be nicely organized. We require some men only like your good self to co-operate with this movement. The necessary things in this connection will surely by supplied by Krishna. Simply we want some sincere worker like your honor. Up to date, I am working chiefly with my foreign assistants and disciples. In India, for them there is language difficulty, otherwise they are ready to work in Indian villages also. Besides that, they have visa problems. Under the circumstances, I require immediately some willing, educated worker for this purpose. So, kindly reply this letter to my Honolulu address as follows: 51 Coelho Way, Honolulu, Hawaii, USA.

Thanking you in anticipation.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/ps
