---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dhananjaya — August 11, 1975",
    "h1":"Dhananjaya — August 11, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Dhananjaya — August 11, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Dhananjaya ======

Vrindaban

My dear Dhananjaya das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters both dated July 30th, 1975 and have noted the contents. Regarding the plot of Bon Maharaja, I will speak with him personally. I am returning to India, and shall reach Bombay by the 14th instant. After seeing Bombay affairs I shall come to Vrindaban via New Delhi.

Regarding men for Vrindaban, when I was in Toronto one British householder with wife and child has agreed to come. Please send me the list of all devotees there in Vrindaban giving their passport names, nationality, and passport number, and date of arrival in India. Send this list to Bombay. Krishna will arrange more men for you there. Do not worry. I have requested them to send more men from Canada.

I am very glad to note that you are having the Phool bangla. It will be very popular. Tell me how it was held. That you are expecting 30,000 people for Jhulana Yatra is wonderful. You should distribute liberally prasadam. Aksayananda Maharaja will supply money. Let each man be given prasadam. That is our special program.

I thank you very much for the photos you have sent. The translation specimen is all right. Please arrange to have this man come and see me when I come there. Navayogendra can also personally guide the translators. The temple there should be kept very nicely. Some one was saying that the front well has been spoiled.

Regarding the adjacent land for sale, yes, it is not to be done in this indirect way. Let them take money from us openly and give us the land. We are prepared to pay for 5,000 sq. yards Rs. 20/- per sq. yard. If Bon Maharaja gives us land, still we can purchase this land for future expansion.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
