---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Rupanuga — September 29, 1975",
    "h1":"Rupanuga — September 29, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Rupanuga — September 29, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Rupanuga ======

<card class="letter">
Delaplane, Virginia

My dear Rupanuga das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated September 19, 1975 and have noted the contents carefully. What is the street address of the new building in New York? The consent letter has been sent from Vrindaban. You should minimize the expenditure and increase the income, otherwise how will you liquidate the debts? I understand that you are saving on the milk bill by supplying your own milk from the farm. This is wanted. If these farm projects are successful, then all this industry will be closed. We do not have to make propaganda, but automatically people will not want. The people are innocent. The rascal leaders say it is primitive to remain on the farm, but to do business in the city and become rogue and rascal, that is advanced. They have dog race, horse race, gambling, coca cola, pepsi cola---all unnecessary. There is no use for it but the business is going on. They take to cigarette and T.V. because they have no good engagement. They are chewing the already chewed. That is nice that the parents are donating. They will donate more and more, because they see here is something good.

Regarding the new New York house, yes, let me know when I shall have to go there to see. I have more houses than anyone else in the world, but I am not allowed to stay. The richest man in the world does not have such facilities. They have one or two, but in each place it is fit for prince, and they do not have as many as I have. And, the wife of Bali Mardan how was she giving such a bluff? This woman is very dangerous.

I see that in every center we are getting good income, and it is all from the sale of the books. Philadelphia temple must have a proper place. Regarding Washington temple yes Brisakapi can be now recognized as the temple president. I give my consent for the present temple to be sold and you may purchase the other one as you have described it.

Regarding Boston, yes you may utilize the funds as you have indicated. People are coming forward to donate. They are actually seeing. These boys were drug addicted, and now they are saintly. They do not smoke even. They talk only of God.

So you get from all the farms all your necessities, then it will be successful. Fodder, milk, grains, vegetables, and animals and man will be satisfied, and you can chant Hare Krishna. No unnecessary cow killing, and no unnecessary needs of the body. The woman's SKP party, that is very good.

I hope this meets you in good health.

A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
</card>