---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Alanatha — September 1, 1975",
    "h1":"Alanatha — September 1, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Alanatha — September 1, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Alanatha ======

Stockholm

My dear Alanatha das:

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated August 22, 1975 with enclosed copies of your new Swedish Back To Godhead magazine. It is very nicely done. The printing and paper are very good. You have published on the first page the first photograph of my preaching in America. It is an historical photograph. Even though I was alone completely in a foreign country, still I was not appearing forlorn. I was confident, that can be seen in my photograph.

I think the translation work was done by Vegavan and Ajita Prabhus. So encourage them in this work. This translation work is very important. It is not simply a matter of ABC's, but it requires spiritual realization to do it properly. I understand that you are a good sankirtana man and book distributer. So you all cooperate. They translate, and you print and distribute. What more do you want? In this way you flood Sweden with transcendental literatures.

I am very glad that you are getting so much interest from persons coming from the Eastern Europe countries. You should give the two devotees from there all facility in translating. Now I am requesting Hansadutta and Bhagavan to make vigorous propaganda in Eastern Europe. In the latest issue of Back to Godhead English edition there is my discussion about Marx philosophy. It will appeal to any sane man. Lenin has murdered the Czar, that was his only accomplishment, but any gunda could do that. This article should be read and translated.

Upon your recommendation I am accepting Vaclav and Jan as my initiated disciples. Their spiritual names are Paragati dasa and Turiya dasa respectively. See that they chant regularly 16 rounds and follow our principles. Then they will remain strong in Krishna consciousness. Their beads can be chanted upon by Hansadutta dasa.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/bs
