---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — November 18, 1975",
    "h1":"Madhudvisa — November 18, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Madhudvisa — November 18, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Madhudvisa ======

Melbourne

My dear Madhudvisa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 11, 1975 and have noted the contents. Regarding your coming to India and travelling with me, oh yes, you are welcome. It is very good that you have been observing Catur-masya. I have already sent through Brahmananda Swami a telegram approving your travel program. That's very nice that you will travel to the Southeast Asian countries, Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, Hong Kong and also China. That is very nice.

Regarding the Gaura-Nitai Deities, yes, they can be installed, but let me see the photographs first. That is very good that you are growing your own flowers at the Melbourne mandir. This is very important.

Regarding China preaching, so far as I know Chinese people, although communists, they are not devoid of God consciousness. If they are sincere communists, they will accept our philosophy. Our philosophy is that every living being is the son of the Supreme Being and whatever we see within our vision---either living beings on the land, on the water---everything belongs to the Supreme Being. Every living being has a right to enjoy the Supreme Father's property. So everyone means not only the human being, but also other living entities, those living in the sky, water, trees, plants, creepers, ants, beasts, birds---all living beings, they are sons of the Supreme Being in different forms.

So we should be compassionate to every living being, accepting them as sons of the Supreme Being. That is the real communistic idea, perfectly enunciated in the Srimad-Bhagavatam. So any communist country, if they take help from us, their communistic ideal will be perfect. Let the leading men of any communistic country come and talk with us about our philosophy and they are sure to make him convinced about this loftiest philosophy of Krsna consciousness. We do not criticize the communistic idea, but we want to make it perfect.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/BS/mdd
