---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jagadisa — November 9, 1975",
    "h1":"Jagadisa — November 9, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Jagadisa — November 9, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jagadisa ======

Dallas

My dear Jagadisa das,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 10, 1975, together with enclosures. Regarding the Dallas Army base property, you can forward this offer to Svarupa Damodara and in this connection you may correspond with him. We may require it for the Bhaktivedanta Institute for Higher Studies. Do not reject this military base. We can use it for this purpose. You can use the Illinois property for the Gurukula and the army base for the Bhaktivedanta Institute. Send details to Svarupa Damodara of the military base.

The military academy property in Illinois sounds very nice. You can consider amongst the GBC and do the needful. Regarding your proposal to reduce the number of students in the Dallas school, and sending them to New York and Los Angles, that is a good idea. You can do that. Anyway, this should be considered by the GBC together and do the needful.

I am glad to hear that Govardhana Prabhu is doing nicely now. I am very happy. If there is any discrepancy, we have to request them to correct, not changing or dismissing. Our whole process is to humbly request, sometimes falling down on the feet and flattering. The vivid example is Nityananda Prabhu converting Jagai and Madhai.

So study my books and reproduce the purports in your own language. You should instruct your temple presidents to preach like this. This is preaching. We haven't got to invent something by our fertile brain for preaching. Everything is there. One who is expert for presenting these things before the audience so they can conveniently understand, this is a successful preacher. You have only to speak what Krsna has said. Then you become a preacher. I am also glad to learn that Sripati Prabhu is traveling with you. Keep him nicely.

I hope this finds you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/BS/mdd
