---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — November 9, 1975",
    "h1":"Satsvarupa — November 9, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Satsvarupa — November 9, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Satsvarupa ======

<card class="letter">
Los Angeles

My dear Satsvarupa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 11, 1975 from Boston along with enclosed clippings and enclosures. You are doing solid work. Krsna will be pleased with you. You are a sincere student from the very beginning of your spiritual life and I wish that you may advance more and more.

The clippings for Nalini Kanta who is running for the mayor of Phoenix is a good advertisement and we are getting good publicity. But be careful not that he may be implicated too much. There is a proverb which states that one should pick up the fish without touching the water. I think you can understand me on this matter.

Yes, my books should be introduced as regular reading in all courses. There are many evidences of the professor's certificates, so these can be utilized as proof of how our books are being appreciated. Now Cyavana Swami has made one inquiry from the Nobel Foundation for getting myself recognized as Nobel Prize for literature. Enclosed is the correspondence and you will see that one can be nominated by professors of literature and theology at universities and university colleges; so I think if you take up this matter and pursue it, you can get some professors to make the recommendation, such as Professor Judah, who is very familiar with our movement. Also, enclosed is one letter from Karttikeya MahaDevia who suggests in this regard and also Mukunda Prabhu from London has telephoned that the Encyclopedia Brittanica will be containing an article of 350 words on myself in their publication. So far your lecturing is concerned, you simply put in your own language the purports of our books. That will make your lectures successful. And everywhere you can refer to the book, __Hare Krsna and Counterculture,__ written by Professor Judah.

So in the Western countries they are selling their churches and farms which we require. That is also Krsna's plan. In U.S.A. there is enough land and if we organize we can become very big party---Hare Krsna party. We can occupy America and make them all become Krsna conscious. Regarding the St. Louis farm, yes, we can work and build some small cottages with thatched roofs provided we get men. It is very encouraging; you should get this farm. Ten at least are sufficient to run a farm. Regarding Denver, it is very good that they are regularly having kirtana in the colleges and that three new brahmacaries have joined. Just see the result. And also one new householder couple. Regarding the devotee taking a second wife, it is all right from Vedic culture, but is not right from American law view point. That you have to adjust.

Regarding Miami, it is very good news that they have gotten their land and they have got cows and it is good news to know that the cows will live on eating the mango leaves. This is the injunction of Krsna in Bhagavad-gita to produce enough food both for human beings and the animals and you become happy. The animal is happy. If the animal is happy he will produce enough milk so what is the use of killing them.

By these activities I am must trying to satisfy my spiritual master and you are all trying to help me, so I am very much obliged to you. This is real co-operation on the platform of love.

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/BS/mdd\\
N.B. I am glad that you are appreciating the new __Caitanya-Caritamrta'__s. It is all the mercy of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu.
</card>