---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — November 10, 1975",
    "h1":"Kirtanananda — November 10, 1975",
    "title":"Letter to: Kirtanananda — November 10, 1975",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Kirtanananda ======

<card class="letter">
New Vrndavana

My dear Kirtanananda Swami,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated September 24, 1975 together with your check for $1,111. I thank you very much for it. I was thinking that Kirtanananda Swami is angry upon me because I did not go to New Vrndavana, but what can I do? They are dragging me in so many places and it was arranged for me to see Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of India. Therefore, leaving aside all other programs, I had to come here. Of course it has become a little effective because since then the government of India is not considering us an enemy, but they are giving us more and more facility to extend the visa. Then again I had to go to Mauritius, South Africa and East Africa. In Mauritius for the first time in my life I had to meet a very disastrous type of motor accident. We were four in motor carriage, the driver, Brahmananda Swami, Pusta Krsna Swami and myself. The driver was especially injured and we got a little bruises and cuts. Anyway, I have come to Bombay on November 3rd. Here the temple construction is now being undertaken seriously and we are looking after things.

You say that you may be a broken gong, but you will never be broken. You are standing solidly by the grace of Krsna. Have faith in guru and Krsna and your attempt will be successful. You know how I started in the U.S.A. with faith both in the spiritual master and Krsna and they are certainly helping me. I am always praying to Krsna that the New Vrndavana attempt will be more and more successful and ideal for your country. That is my only prayer. I am glad to note that Indians are coming and that you are constructing a large kirtana and prasadam hall and also guest rooms. Yes, so you should do it and it will actually be a New Vrndavana in America. According to our program we will have to construct seven temples, Govindaji, Gopinatha, Madana-Mohana, Syamasundara, Damodara, Gokulananda and Radha-Ramana. And later on if possible, Rangunatha also. These guests rooms, it is very good you are constructing because they were needed.

I am glad also that you have a new gosala. Let other farms see what is our behavior for the cows and how we derive benefit from them and that will be the living example to persons who are using cow flesh rather than cow milk.

Regarding the palace, when will you expect to finish it so I may go there.

I am glad to note that Pittsburgh temple management is going on nicely. This is wanted. We want cooperation. Why there should be non cooperation between ourselves. That is not good. Regarding your desire to be relieved of managing these other centers, I may request you to continue until the next Mayapur meeting and then you can make some other arrangement conveniently.

Regarding your question about the dancing, the dancing should be done enthusiastically by raising the hands like Panca-Tattva. You can also dance enthusiastically by raising hands. All of Lord Caitanya's followers used to dance with raised hands. If someone dances with ecstasy, that is all right, but it is better to dance with raised hands.

Regarding the topics of the Krsna book, this is Istagosthi. Istagosthi means discussion between ourselves but that should not be taken as a competition. It is not the subject matter for competition. It can be discussed in a small group of devotees. That is Istagosthi. This is better than competition.

Regarding your recommendations for first and second initiation; I accept the following for first initiation: Ann Shotland---Sukulina dasi and Diana Alpert---Gopalasyapriya dasi. And for second initiation I accept the following as twice-born brahmanas: Janaladha das, Manipuspaka dasi, Manisa dasi, Damodara Pandit das, Kalanidhi das, Uttamauja das, Ajitananda das and Mudhakari devi dasi. Enclosed are their sacred threads and the mantra sheet. Please see that they follow the rules and regulations. This is not to be taken lightly. If it is then surely they will again fall under the influence of __maya. Mama maya duratyaya __[[books:bg:7:14|(Bg. 7.14)]].

I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

N.B. I am in due receipt of your letter dated November 6, 1975 with enclosed check for U.S. 1111.00 which replaces your previous check which you have cancelled. I am glad to see that the Brijbasi spirit is improving in get-up. Yes, it is all right to close the Buffalo farm. It is also all right to move Radha Madhava to Nandagram and keep Gaura-Nitai and Lord Jagannatha at Madhuban. ACBS\\
ACBS/BS/mdd
</card>