---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Aksayananda — January 6, 1976",
    "h1":"Aksayananda — January 6, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Aksayananda — January 6, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Aksayananda ======

My dear Aksayananda Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letters dated 24th December and 31st December, 1975, and have noted the contents of each carefully.

Regarding the land of Sri R. N. Bhargava, since he is offering it to us for our unconditional use, why not take it? Naturally, if we start a Gosala there, later on we can start a Vedic school for the higher class of people. Study of the Vedas is not meant for children. You should ascertain definitely by asking some knowledgable persons, whether or not the Ganges will come again. Another point is whether the government can be induced to build a road there. So, if there is possibility of developing the land, then we can take it.

The other piece of land near the Kailash Temple is the most important place in Kanpur. Please enquire from Mr. Kapur what is the actual size of the land and what would be the conditions for transferring it to our name. That land would be most ideal for establishing our center in Kanpur.

I am very glad to hear that Sri Mungturam Jaipuria wishes to stay at our Guesthouse when he visits Vrindaban. He is a very big man, one of the big industrialists like Birla and Dalmia. Please deal very nicely with him, for if he is pleased with us he can be very helpful.

I am glad to know that new men are coming to help with the activities in Vrindaban temple. The kitchen department should be very clean and things should not be wasted. This is the first consideration. Yesterday we have visited a very old and famous Ranganatha Temple here in Nellore. Everything is being managed very nicely and there are very nice arrangements for those who come for darsana. So similarly our temple in Vrindaban must be managed expertly that everyone who comes is given caranamrta and prasadam of the Deity.

The translation of Dr. Radha Raman Gupta is not very good. We have sent Mr. Singh and Mr. Mitra for this purpose.

I accept Govinda das Brahmacari for second initiation. Enclosed is his sacred thread duly chanted on by me. Now you have to hold a fire ceremony and let him hear the gayatri mantra from the tape recording in his right ear. If he is going to engage in the Deity's service, he must be taught to be very clean. Brahmin means to be clean---internally by chanting the Lord's glories and externally by regular bathing.

I hope this will meet you in the best of health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
