---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dina Dayala — January 6, 1976",
    "h1":"Dina Dayala — January 6, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Dina Dayala — January 6, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Dina Dayala ======

My dear Dina Dayala,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your letter dated December 12, 1975, giving a report of your preaching in Greece.

Lord Caitanya Mahaprabhu desires that in every city, town and village Krishna Consciousness should be preached. Therefore I left Vrindaban to come to your country. And now you have left your country also on behalf of Sri Caitanya Mahaprabhu, therefore your life is glorious. May Krishna bless you that your preaching attempt becomes successful. As soon as a devotee endeavors to serve Krishna, Krishna immediately wants to help that devotee. Krishna will certainly protect and maintain you. You are an intelligent sincere boy so try to introduce this movement to the people of Greece. Everyone in the world is suffering. Despite so many attempts on the parts of the governments and planning commissions of the world, still the suffering continues. People are thinking that by more education, hospitals, food and so many other things they will become happy. But we actually have the ingredient which alone can make them satisfied---Krishna Consciousness. So please deliver Krishna to everyone you meet; instruct them in the philosophy of Bhagavad-gita As It Is. If it is possible to get our books translated into Greek that will be very helpful for your preaching. In the meantime as you are preaching to intelligent persons such as the lawyer you met, they will be able to read English, so you can give them our English books.

I cannot read the news clipping you have sent. But as you say Lord Krishna's name appears four times, then it is very nice. My Guru Maharaja always see if Krishna's name or Lord Caitanya's name appeared in someone's writing and would appreciate the writing for this alone.

Yes, your idea to teach English by having the students read KRSNA book is very good. When you were in Mayapur you saw Bhavananda Maharaja doing this and it was very successful. Simply repeat this. Have them also chant the Hare Krishna mantra and as far as you can arrange, feed them nice Krishna prasadam. That is our entire process. I started this movement just in this way. It is not very difficult. The important thing is that you behave nicely, chant all your rounds and follow strictly the regulative principles. Example is better than precept. These spiritual practices are our actual strength.

I hope this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
