---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Radhavallabha — January 5, 1976",
    "h1":"Radhavallabha — January 5, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Radhavallabha — January 5, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Radhavallabha ======

My dear Radhavallabha Prabhu,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to acknowledge receipt of your letter dated December 27th, 1975 and I have noted the contents carefully. Also, I wish to thank you and all the devotees serving at the BBT for helping to produce these new volumes. Thank you very much.

This type of decoration on the books, the gold guilding and gold stamping, is generally found on Bibles and Shakespearean texts. Whether people will now confuse our books with these others? Our get-up is already approved, you should not unnecessarily increase the price. You say that these additions will be especially useful for libraries, but if the price is increased they may not accept them. Of course, it depends on the local sellers---they can say whatever is best. You should only make these changes if the sales will actually be increased. I don't want the BBT or the temples to lose.

The Nectar of Instruction has come out very nice. It is very important and must be immediately read by all devotees. In the near future we shall introduce the Bhakti-sastri examination for second initiation and this shall be one of the required books of study. Anyone who reads it will immediately understand what Krishna Consciousness is. Some minister in Bombay recently asked me how to create morality amongst the students, because the students are all vagabounds. If this book is introduced for study in the schools and colleges it will give a clear idea of what morality actually is. It is a most important book.

Yes, I have already seen the Gopala coloring book.

I will have to see personally what are the mistakes in the synonyms and also how you intend to correct them. I was not satisfied with the corrections that were made before. I saw some changes which I did no approve. Nitai may correct whatever mistakes are there, but the corrected material must be sent to me for final approval. So reprinting the volumes will have to wait until the mistakes are corrected and approved by me. In the meantime you can supply the standing orders whatever new volumes are published.

Yes, try to supply the damaged books to the prisoners. That is a very nice idea. The books should not be wasted, just for some small defect.

Please dedicate your life to publishing all our books. It is our most important work. I hope this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
