---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Saurabha — June 7, 1976",
    "h1":"Saurabha — June 7, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Saurabha — June 7, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Saurabha ======

Bombay

My dear Saurabha,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated May 28, 1976, and I have noted the contents with care.

Concerning the altars, it is not necessary to have three altars of different style. All the three altars should be of the same style. I am enclosing the copy of the style which I have approved for all three altars. This style is nice, the one which you had chosen for Lord Ramacandra's altar, so you can use this style for all three.

Your plan for holding marriages in the theater, and on the theater roof will be acceptable. What will be the expected income?

For worshiping the Deities in Bombay, including Sita-Rama, there is absolutely no change in worship. Adopt the same method as in our Vrindaban centre, simply with 3 pujaris just like in Vrindaban. They are all Visnu-tattva, Ramacandra, Radha-Krsna, Gaura-Nitai. No additional kirtanas, simply do exactly as in Vrindaban. I want to know what it would cost to have Kaliya-Krsna Deity (with four mermaids offering prayers, Nagapatnis), and also Radha-Krishna with Lalita and Visakha, and also Guru and Gauranga; what would be the approximate cost for production and transportation of these Deities to Fiji Island?

I have already written about the house in Mayapur. No further plan should be done until I see the original London plan and the master city plan of Mayapur City. Then I can select the spot where I want my house to be. There is no hurry, we can wait until the master plan is available.

Concerning the workers who were not allowed to go to America, there is no question of illiterate or literate. They are going to construct a temple. They are good workers so we should take them. Concerning using some Indian gentlemen for managing our buildings, that is a good idea. Mr. Vyasa is a competent man, but the difficulty is that he is not joining. Together, I know that they can manage very nicely. Concerning the Govardhana hill sila (stones), keep them there with you and when I come I shall see.

Enclosed please find the letter to the Bank of America, Bombay for transferring Rs. 3 Lakhs to the State Bank of Hyderabad as requested.

I hope that this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/pks
