---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 23, 1976",
    "h1":"Jayapataka — October 23, 1976",
    "title":"Letter to: Jayapataka — October 23, 1976",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Jayapataka ======

My dear Jayapataka,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated October 19, 1976.

Regarding this co-operative point, who will manage all the expenditure? We will spend so much money, why should it be managed by a co-operative. The co-operative society proposal is absurd. The poor members cannot pay adequately, neither are they interested. It is not tenable from all angles of vision. In the beginning the report was given to the DM. Now again DM, DM. Why again DM, he was first given proposal?

It is up to Mr. Chowdary now. The chief minister has handed the matter to him for decision. He said to wait 2-3 months for a decision. So let us simply wait.

Regarding the concessional paper, we are already getting government paper. If you want we can get as much as you require. It is already sanctioned. However many tons you require just tell Gopala Krsna and he'll do the needful.

Your description of how you are managing is nice. This is management. The British government was conducting the management of 600 million people with just 200 Britishers. We cannot expect all foreigners to come and manage Mayapur affairs. The best management is to turn the local men into devotees. Make the management perfect in this way. Things should be developed in such a way, based on devotional service, that there may not be any racial feelings. This is Kali-yuga. Very easily racial feelings are awakened on the material platform, but on the spiritual platform there is no such thing. Yes, what you are describing is the banking system. Every day, until the trial balance is calculated, no employee can leave the bank. That was the old system in Indian business.

One elderly gentleman, who claims to be my Godbrother, named Jayanarayana das Babaji, from Burdwan district, will be coming there. You may give him a place.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/jda
