---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Balavanta — January 4, 1977",
    "h1":"Balavanta — January 4, 1977",
    "title":"Letter to: Balavanta — January 4, 1977",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Balavanta ======

My dear Balavanta,

Please accept my blessings. I am in due receipt of your letter dated Dec. 27, 1976 and have noted the contents.

It appears that now it is the government policy to curb our activities. The zoning problem is another harassment. The general policy is to stop our Movement. That has begun, in so many ways; by the parents, by the municipality, by the government, by zoning; somehow or other to check this Movement. We are enemies to their standard of civilization. That is the problem. We are enemies, certainly. We frankly say, "This civilization is soul-killing. We have to save them, para upakara." Actually that is also fact, they are misleading people that the skin is everything. That is not the fact. The soul is everything. That they do not understand. They say, "What is this nonsense." They have no idea of religion. For them it is just a decoration.

When the property is secured, then you can install the Deities. Otherwise, don't take the risk. I have no objection to your taking a loan for your farm project as you have proposed.

Try to concentrate on these farm projects. Let the villagers come and hear, and distribute prasadam. In this way draw their sympathy and gradually they'll become our associates. Then they can come to live with us and work with us. In this way let them be induced. In the evenings you can hold kirtana and invite them to come and distribute prasadam. We are doing this now on our farm near Hyderabad. Gradually they may be invited to come and live and work with us. We will give them food, clothing and shelter and they can live simply and save time for developing their Krsna consciousness. Do this and then our Movement is successful. Our only motive is how to interest people in Krsna consciousness. That's all. There is no economic problem. We can produce our own food and clothes, gradually, and save time for spiritual life.

So, [TEXT MISSING] that this is genuine Hindu religion. How can there be discrimination against us? There are so many Hindus in your country.

Hoping this will meet you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/jda
