---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Dr. W.H. Wolf-Rottkay — February 7, 1977",
    "h1":"Dr. W.H. Wolf-Rottkay — February 7, 1977",
    "title":"Letter to: Dr. W.H. Wolf-Rottkay — February 7, 1977",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Letter to: Dr. W.H. Wolf-Rottkay ======

12915 Venice Blvd. Apt 37 L.A., Ca.

P.O. Sree Dham Mayapur\\
Dist. Nadia, W. Bengal, INDIA

Dear Dr. Wolf,

Please accept my blessings. I have received your letter of January 22, and heard the contents.

As far as knowledge of God is concerned that is contained fully in the Bhagavad-gita, but it is only revealed to the devotee. The “mysterious unity” you speak of is devotional service, whereby the eternal part and parcel of God renders loving service in union with Krsna, the Supreme Personality of Godhead. It is not an impersonal or vague thing. Full facility for entering this eternal union with God is gained by associating with the pure devotee, who is already established in his relation with Krsna. In the present age the most recommended method is the chanting of the Holy Names of God. So there is nothing lacking in directly approaching God if we follow the authorized practices of the Krsna Consciousness movement.

Your good friend Swarupa Damodar has been with me recently, and we are going to join him again in a month for a week long program in Manipur. Swarupa Damodar is such a nice devotee; he has the quality of always making friends, not enemies – no one speaks against him. I have great hopes in the scientific preaching Swarupa Damodar and other educated devotees can engage in to defeat the rascal, materialistic theorists who claim such nonsense as “life comes from matter.” More and more in the future Swarupa Damodar and others like him will be working to force the educated public to accept that there is God. Whatever cooperation you can give in this connection will help your own spiritual life and will give the greatest benefit to others. Hoping this meets you in good health.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami
