---json
{
    "name":"Letter to: Harikesa — May 6, 1977",
    "h1":"Harikesa — May 6, 1977",
    "title":"Letter to: Harikesa — May 6, 1977",
    "description":""
}
---

====== Harikesa ======

Frankfurt

My dear Harikesa Maharaja,

Please accept my blessings. I beg to thank you for your zonal report for the month of April, dated April 27th, 1977.

Regarding the Arabic translation, whether it is good or bad, something should be printed. As you have suggested, let it be printed in India. Our good friend Mr. Brij Ratan Mohatta volunteered to help pay the printing costs of Arabic publication. So in this regard you can send the manuscripts to Gopala Krishna, and he will arrange everything. Regarding the translations into Russian and other East European languages, you are the expert in the field, so however you decide to get the work done is alright. I will simply be very glad to receive any publications from these languages. If you think that by getting a telex hookup in Bombay our international work would be benefited, I have no objection.

I am very pleased to know that our activities are going nicely in Scandinavia. I know that Vegavan is a very intelligent good boy. The place as you have described it that they are thinking to get sounds very nice. I know how dedicated all of the distributers of my books are in Germany where it is not easy to work. Please find enclosed one letter to the sankirtana men.

If you can overflood all India with ghee as you propose, that will be a great service. But what you describe sounds like a dream. As far as what to do with the ghee, it may be better that we take it directly. If we take it there will be no question of any black marketing. Rather we can take all of the ghee and advertise that everyone wanting free ghee apply through ISKCON. Does that sound alright?

Now Krsna has given you suitable responsibility, and you are trying your best. That much I want. Hoping this meets you well.

Your ever well-wisher,\\
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami

ACBS/tkg
